You know what I do is write for the kids , and in fact , I 'm probably the author for kids , I read in the United States .
And I always tell the people I do n't want to look like a scientist .
I can still wear a farmer , or with leather clothes , and never nobody has chosen a farmer .
I 'm here today to talk to you about circles and epiphanies .
And you know , an epiphany usually is something they fell somewhere .
You just have to turn to the apple to see it as a epiphany .
That 's the painting of a circle .
A friend of mine did that -- Richard <unk> .
It 's the very complicated type of circle that I 'm going to talk about .
My circle started in the 1960s in the middle school , in <unk> , Ohio where I was the rare of the class .
When he was beating every week in the boys ' bathroom , until a teacher saved my life .
She saved my life as I allowed me to go into the teachers ' room .
He was doing it in secret .
For three years .
I had to go from the city .
I had a thumb , and 85 dollars , and I ended up in San Francisco , California -- I found a lover -- and in the 1980s , I felt the need to start working in organizations fighting with AIDS .
About three or four years ago , in the middle of the night , I got a phone call from the teacher , the lady who said , `` I need to see you .
I 'm disillusioned as adults never got to know us .
You could <unk> Ohio , and please bring that man to know you 've found you already .
And I have to tell you that I have pancreatic cancer , and I 'd like you to marry this please . ''
Well , the next day we were in Cleveland .
We went to see it , we were laughing , and we realized that she needed to be <unk> .
We found a place , the <unk> , and the <unk> and take care of their family , because it was necessary .
It 's something we knew how to do .
And as the woman I wanted to know as an adult came to me , it became a box of ash and it was put in my hands .
And what happened was that the circle had been closed , it had become a circle -- and that epiphany that I told you about was done in itself .
<unk> is that death is part of life .
She saved my life , my partner and I save her .
And you know that that part of life needs everything the rest of life .
It needs truth and beauty , and I 'm very happy today that I talked a lot about this today .
They also need -- it needs dignity , love and pleasure , and it 's our job to provide those things .
Thank you .
As an artist , connection is very important to me .
Through my work , I 'm trying to express that humans are not separated from nature and everything is interconnected .
I was for the first time to Antarctica , almost 10 years ago , and I saw my first icebergs .
I was amazed .
My heart can quickly , I was <unk> , trying to understand what was in front of me .
I <unk> them around the water , almost 60 feet , and I could n't even more than thinking that it was a snowflake over another snowflake as a year .
<unk> are born when they fall from the glaciers or break down the ice walls .
Each iceberg has its own individual personality .
They have a different way of interacting with their environment and their experiences .
Some people refuse to give up and hold up to the end , whereas others ca n't stand it more and become a bit of dramatic passion .
It 's easy to think , when you see a iceberg that are isolated apart and alone , largely as human beings .
But the reality is the opposite .
As a iceberg melts , I 'm breathing his ancestral atmosphere .
As a iceberg , iceberg , rich in minerals that feed many forms of life .
I get close to photograph these <unk> as if it was about the portraits of my ancestors , knowing that in these unique times , there are only going to exist in that way again .
It 's not death when you melt ; it 's not an end , but a continuation of its way through the life cycle .
Part of the ice of <unk> I 'm photographing is very young -- it 's got a couple thousand years old .
And another part of the ice has over 100,000 years .
The last pictures I 'd like to show you are a iceberg I photographed in <unk> , Greenland .
It 's rare to get to the rolling iceberg .
Here it is .
You can see the left one little boat .
It 's about five meters .
And I 'd like you to pay attention to the shape of the iceberg and your <unk> line .
You can see here , it starts to roll , the ship has moved to the other side , and the man is standing there .
This is a iceberg from Greenland , the average size .
<unk> from water about 120 feet or 40 meters .
This video is real time .
And just like that , the iceberg shows a different side of his personality .
Thank you .
I want you to imagine two mates in 1979 , the same day , exactly at the same time , each one of a baby . Okay .
So , two couples each one with a baby .
I do n't want you to stop too much in the details of conception , because if you stop thinking about conception , I 'm not going to pay attention .
Let 's think about that for a moment .
And on this stage , I want you to imagine that , in a case , the chromosome 's chromosome joins the X chromosome of the egg .
And in the other case , the X X chromosome joins the X chromosome of the egg .
Both of them turn on and start life .
We 'll go back to talk about them later .
In my operating activity , I turned two roles .
In one of my roles , I work with the anatomy of anatomy .
I 'm an historian in training , and what I study in this case is the way people started the anatomy -- they say , human bodies and <unk> , how they 've considered body fluids , the idea of the body -- what have you thought about the body .
The other role in my work is about activist , as patients ' advocate or , as I say sometimes , impatient for people who are medical patients .
In this case , I 've worked with people whose physical features defy the social norms .
I 've been working , for example , with <unk> twins , two people inside a body .
I 've worked with people with <unk> ; much more low than average .
And I 've been working with many cases of people with un-typical sex , individuals whose physical typology of physics does n't fit into our conventional male and female schemes .
In general lines , we can call it <unk> .
<unk> adopt many shapes .
I 'm going to put some examples in ways of having a sex that 's not <unk> in either male or female forms .
For example , there 's the case of the individual with the <unk> XY which gene came from the chromosome and says to the <unk> , that we all have in the fetal life , who are become testicles .
And then in the fetal life , testicles make testosterone .
But because this individual lacks testosterone receptors , the body does n't react to the same .
It 's <unk> syndrome .
So , there 's high levels of testosterone , but no reaction .
As a result , the body develops in a typically female course .
When the baby is born , the baby looks as a child .
It 's a girl . He 's raised as a child .
And often , it 's not until puberty , when it 's growing up and developing the breasts , but it does n't have the menstrual period , when someone realizes something 's going on .
After doing tests , they realize that instead of having ovaries and uterus , they actually have testicles and a Y chromosome .
The important thing to understand is that you can think that it 's a man , but it does n't really .
Women , like men , we have in the body something called <unk> glands .
They 're in the back of the body .
<unk> glands produce <unk> , the <unk> hormone .
Most women like me -- I consider a typical woman ; it does n't know his <unk> structure ; I believe being a typical woman most women like me are sensitive to <unk> .
We create <unk> , and we respond to <unk> .
As a result , someone like me has the most exposed brain to the <unk> than the woman who was born with testes , who has <unk> syndrome .
That 's why sex is complicated . It 's not that <unk> are in the middle of the spectrum -- in some ways they can be everywhere .
Another example : A few years ago , I got a call from a 19-year-old born and raised as a male ; he had a girlfriend , and sex with her , he was wearing a life as a kid , and I had just found that he had ovaries and uterus .
He had an extreme way of a disease known as <unk> <unk> <unk> .
It had the 20th o'clock , and the uterus were so active that , essentially , creating a male hormone environment .
As a consequence , his genitals were <unk> , his brain was exposed to the hormone , typically male .
He was born as a child , nobody suspected anything .
And it went to the age of 19 when he started to have caused medical problems caused by internal menstruation , when doctors found that , in fact , was a woman inside .
Well , another example of a <unk> case .
Some people with the 20th people develop what is known as <unk> , which is , they have <unk> <unk> wrapped tissue .
We do n't know how well that happens .
So , there are lots of sex varieties .
The reason that kids with these types of bodies are <unk> , <unk> twins , or <unk> , they are <unk> , <unk> surgery , is not in order to have a better physical health .
In many cases people are perfectly healthy .
The reason they 're going through several surgeries is that they 're a threat to our social categories .
The system is usually based on the idea that a particular anatomy brings by a particular identity .
We have the idea that being a woman is to have female identity ; supposedly , it will be black to say to have anatomy in historical terms .
A simplistic idea .
And when you have a body that shows something quite different , we have problems with <unk> .
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture about individualism .
Our nation is based on a concept of very romantic individualism .
Imagine how amazing it is to have kids that are born like two people in a body of a body .
The higher recent case is last year with the South African runner <unk> <unk> , and it was put in the <unk> of his sex in the <unk> Games in Berlin .
Many journalists called to wonder , `` What do you test to do to determine whether or <unk> is this man or woman ? ''
And I had to explain to reporters that there is no such exam .
In fact , we now know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature does n't trace a <unk> line between men and women or between men and <unk> and women and <unk> , and we are all of us who trace that line .
So , what we have is a situation where the science is the more we have to admit that these categories , the more we have to admit that these were categories stable categories that were deployed directly into stable categories -- are much more <unk> than we thought .
And not just in terms of sex .
Also in terms of race , something that happens much more complicated than the terminology allows .
As we see , we go on a rough terrain .
So , look , for example , the fact that we share at least 95 percent of the DNA with chimpanzees .
What did you know about the fact that they were doing it in just a few nucleotides ?
And as we moved on in science , we get more and more in an awkward area where we have to recognize that the simplistic categories that are probably too simplistic .
And we 're looking at this in all walks of human life .
One of them , for example , in our current culture , in the United States today , are the struggles in the beginning and the end of life .
It 's hard to set up a moment from which a body becomes human and has different rights to <unk> .
There are very <unk> discussions today not in public , but I know inside the <unk> of when someone considers himself dead .
Our ancestors never had to deal with this question of whether someone was dead .
As a lot they put up a pen in front of your nose , and if she moved around , he still did n't get it .
If I stopped moving it up .
But today we can , for example , to extract vital organs from a body and put them in another body .
And , as a result , we have to tackle the dilemma of the truly creative death , and this puts us in a difficult situation where we do n't have any simple categories of the past .
And you might think that this explosion explosion could be happy to someone like me .
In politics I am , I stand for people with unusual bodies , but I have to admit that it gets nervous .
You know , these categories are much more fragile than we thought of it .
It 's from the point of view of the concept of democracy .
And to tell you about this tension first , I have to admit that I 'm a fervent fan of storytelling .
I know they were racist , I know they were <unk> , but they were big .
I mean , they were so brave and bold and so radical on what they did , I find each of that musical and I find that musical <unk> and not for music , which is totally <unk> .
It 's because of what happened in 1776 with Parents .
My dad was , for me , the first activists of the anatomy and explain why .
What they were rejected was an anatomy of anatomy , and they did it with another one that was radical and beautiful , and it kept for 200 years .
And , as everybody remembers , what we 've been rejected from our Founding Founding was the idea of the monarchy , the monarchy was based on a very simplistic concept of anatomy .
The monarchs from the old world did n't know the DNA , but they had clear the idea of birth .
They had the concept of blue .
They were from the idea that the political power was coming from the blood of the blood being passed from the grandfather to the father and then the son , etc .
Now , I know the Founding Founding the idea and they were rejected by a new concept of anatomy , and that concept was that all men are created equal .
They <unk> the game field , and they decided that the anatomy that mattered was the common anatomy and not the anatomy . That was a very radical thing .
And in part they were doing it because they 're part of a <unk> system in which two things were happening .
It was happening in democracy , and at the same time you were born science .
And it 's very clear it 's very clear to us , if we look at the story of NYU , that many of them were very interested in science and the idea of a naturalist world .
They were <unk> from the supernatural explanations , and so they rejected the concept of power supernatural over a <unk> idea of birth .
They were moving towards a naturalist concept .
And if we look , for example , the Declaration of Independence , talk about nature and the god of nature .
They do n't talk about God and God 's nature .
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are .
And we were passing the idea of anatomical coincidence .
And in doing so , they were laid on the foundations of the Civil Rights movement .
They did n't think that way , but they did it for us and it was great .
And what happened next ?
And the women succeeded .
Then came the success of the Civil Rights movement with people from <unk> <unk> , who said , `` Am I not a woman ? ''
We found men in the aisles of the Civil Rights Movement , saying , `` I 'm a man . ''
Again , people of color that we 're afraid of anatomical difference and , again , succeeded .
We see the same with the <unk> Movement .
The problem is , of course , as we look at coincidences , we have to start asking ourselves why we maintain certain divisions .
But , you know , I want to keep some of the anatomical ones in our culture .
For example , I do n't want to give a fish the same rights that a human .
I do n't want to say that we had <unk> to anatomy .
I do n't mean that in the age of five , they were supposed to have sex with or marry .
So there are some divisions endlessly that for me , and that I think we should maintain .
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are , why to keep them and make sense .
Well , let 's go back to those two <unk> at the beginning of this talk .
We have two beings , both of them <unk> in the <unk> of 1979 .
Imagine that one of them , Mary , was born three months before time : June 1 , 1980 .
Henry , in the contrary , was born on the March 1 , 1980 .
For the only fact that I 'd been born three months before Mary are attributed to all rights three months before Henry -- the right to the sex consent , the right to vote , the right to <unk> .
Henry has to wait for all that not because it has a different biological age , but because he was born afterwards .
We found other oddities in relation to their rights .
Henry , in virtue of being considered , if I did n't tell you if it 's <unk> , by virtue of being considered , he 's <unk> the mandatory <unk> of the Mary who 's not to worry about it .
Mary , for his part , does n't have the same rights to marriage than Henry in all states , for example .
Henry can marry all the states with a woman , but Mary can marry a woman just in some states .
So they still persist categories uncharted categories that are various aspects and questionable .
And now the question is : What do we do now that science walked so much in the field of anatomy that we get to the point of having to admit that a democracy based on anatomy could crumble ?
I do n't want to give up science , but at the same time I feel like the science is escapes .
Where are we going ?
It seems that what happens in our culture is a kind of pragmatic attitude : `` Well , we have to map the line somewhere , so we 're going to do it . ''
But many people have caught in a rare position .
For example : Texas at some point has decided that to marry a man , you do n't have to have chromosome and to marry a woman have to have chromosome .
Now , in practice , they do n't test exams .
But this is also very strange , given the story I told you at the beginning of <unk> <unk> syndrome .
If you look at one of the founding fathers of modern democracy , Dr. Martin Luther King , in his speech , `` I have to team '' offers a solution .
It says that we should judge people , `` based on not the color of their skin , but in the content of their character , '' going beyond anatomy .
And I mean , `` Yes , the idea looks very good . ''
But in practice , how do you do it ?
How do you judge people based on the content of their character ?
I want to point out also that I 'm not sure that I 'm not sure that we should be involved in this for <unk> rights to people , because I have to admit that I know some <unk> , which probably deserve more social services than some humans I know .
I also want to say that maybe some people I know can make more informed , intelligent , mature decisions about their sex relationships that people from 40 I know .
So how do you put the topic of character content ?
It 's very difficult .
And a part of me asked what would happen if the character of a person could be measured with an instrument , maybe with an MRI .
Do we really want to get to that point ?
I 'm not sure where we go .
What I do know is that it seems to be very important that the United States is to keep this current thinking in relation to the issue of democracy .
We 've done a good job in defense of democracy , and I think we will do a good job in the future .
We do n't live , for example , in a context like the Iranian in which a man who feels attracted to other men is <unk> to be killed , unless they 're willing to submit to a sex change , in which case it 's allowed to live .
We 're not in that situation .
I 'm happy to say that we do n't have a context like a surgeon who I talked about a couple of years ago that he had made light twins and then pick them apart , and they grow their fame .
But when the phone was asked the reason for the operation , he was a very <unk> operation , and he told me that in that other country these kids would be very abused , and therefore he had to do it .
And I said , `` Well , he 's considered the political asylum instead of a surgical separation ? ''
The United States offers huge possibilities for people to be who are without understanding the state of the state .
So I think we have to be on the head .
Well , to finish , I mean , I 've been talking a lot about my dad .
And I want to think about what democracy would be , or as it might have been , if we had increased participation on Mothers .
And I want to say something a little bit radical for a feminist , and that 's that I think there can be different ideas coming from different kinds of anatomy , particularly if there are people thinking about group .
For years , since I 've been interested in <unk> , I 've also been interested in investigating the sexual difference .
And one of the things that I 've been interested in is the differences between men and women in terms of thinking and operating in the world .
And what we know about <unk> studies is that women , on average , not all , but in <unk> tend to pay more attention to complex social relationships , and to care about those who are <unk> inside the group .
And if we think about that , we have an interesting situation in our hands .
Now , when I was in graduate school , one of my advisers who knew I was interested in feminism was considered to be a strange question .
`` Tell me what I have of female feminism . ''
And I thought , `` It 's the stupidest question I 've ever heard .
Feminism has to do with rid of gender stereotypes , so there 's nothing female at feminism . ''
But the more I 've thought about his question , the more I have seemed to me that there 's something female about feminism .
I mean , there might be something , on average , something else between the female 's brain and the male that makes us more susceptible to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable .
So , though , adults were very attentive to find a way to protect people in the state of the state , it 's possible that , having more Mothers to this concept , maybe we would have enriched the concept of protection with the reciprocal support .
And maybe that 's what we need to do in the future when we have democracy beyond anatomy : thinking less about the individual body , in terms of identity , and thinking more about relationships .
So as we try to create a more perfect joint , let 's think about what we do for each other .
Thank you .
In 2007 , I decided that we had to reconsider how we think about economic development .
Our new goal should be that when every family thinks about where they want to live and work , have the possibility of choice between at least a handful of different cities that are competing to attract new residents .
Well , right now , we 're far away from that target .
There are billions of people in developing countries that do n't count on a single city willing to <unk> .
But the amazing thing about cities is that they 're worth more than their construction cost .
So we could easily deal with the world tens , perhaps hundreds of new cities .
Well , this may sound absurd if you 've never thought about new cities .
But they just ran out for buildings of apartments .
Imagine the half of those who wanted to live in apartments because they were the other half the way we have to do it yet .
You could try to increase the capacity by making habitat in all the existing buildings .
But you know the problem that <unk> is that those buildings and areas surrounding them have rules to avoid discomfort and the distractions on the building .
So it would be very difficult to do all those <unk> .
But they could go to a totally new place , build a completely new apartment building , always , and when the rules of that place would evolve the construction instead of putting galaxies .
So I proposed that governments are going to promote new major reform zones to hold cities and gave them a name : cities under charter .
I later found out that about the same time , <unk> and <unk> were thinking about the challenge of reform Honduras .
They knew that every year around 75,000 <unk> would come from their country to go to the United States , and they wanted to ask , what could they do to make sure that those people could stay and do those same things in Honduras .
In the summer of 2009 , Honduras for a constitutional crisis <unk> crisis .
In the next regular elections , <unk> <unk> was imposed on a platform in which promise and at the same time reconciliation .
He asked her to be his head of cabinet .
Meanwhile , I was preparing to give a talk at TEDGlobal .
Through a process of refinement , trial and error and a huge amount of tests with users , tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under charter to their most essential ideas .
The first point was the importance of norms , like those rules that say you ca n't go and upset all of the current residents of apartments .
It 's a lot of attention to new technologies , but it takes both of technologies as opposed to progress , and usually they are the rules that prevent us forward .
In the fall of 2010 , a friend of Guatemala sent him <unk> a link to the TEDTalk .
He showed it to me .
They called me .
They said , `` Let 's get this to the leaders of our country . ''
So in December we met in Miami , in a hotel room .
So I tried to explain to you this point about how valuable cities are , much more valuable than their monetary cost .
And I used this image that shows the value of land in a place like New York : Look , land that , in some cases , are worth thousands of dollars per square meter .
But it was a pretty abstract discussion , and at some point , when there was a pause , he said , `` Paul , maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalk Talk . ''
And the talk was describing in very simple terms that a charter city is a place where it starts with <unk> terrain , a charter that specifies all the rules that are going to be stuck there and an option so that people can choose if they want to go or not live under those norms .
So the president of Honduras called me , and told me that we had to do this project , this is important , this could be the path for our country to advance .
He asked me to go to <unk> and talk about the four and five of January .
So I presented another talk full of data , which included an image like this , which was trying to explain that to make a lot of value to a city , this has to be very big .
This is a picture of Denver and the white line is the new airport that was built in Denver .
Only this airport covers over 100 square kilometers .
So I was trying to convince the <unk> that to build a new city , you have to start with a site to measure at least 1,000 square miles .
That 's over 100,000 hectares .
The whole world <unk> politely .
The public faces were very serious and attentive .
The leader of the Congress came to the platform and said , `` Professor <unk> , thank you very much for your talk , but maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalk Talk .
I have this in my computer . ''
So I sat down and showed the TEDTalk .
And this explained the essential thing , that a new city can offer new options for people .
There would be a choice of a city that could be able to be in Honduras , rather than hundreds of miles away from the North .
And it would also include new options for leaders .
Because government leaders would need the help of countries associated with them , could benefit from the countries associated with them to establish and make the charter of the charter , so that everyone could trust that the charter is actually going to be done .
We went and saw a site .
This picture is from there .
It could easily span about a thousand square kilometers .
And shortly afterwards , the 19th of January , they voted in Congress to <unk> their Constitution , and add a constitutional arrangement that would allow you to create these special development regions .
In a country that had just passed through this painful crisis , voting in favor of this constitutional amendment <unk> to one .
All games , all the factions in society , got really excited .
In the Constitution , you have to pass twice in Congress .
The 17 of February was passed again on another voting , 114 to one .
Immediately after the voting after the 21st to February 24th , a <unk> delegation was the two places in the world that are most interested in building cities .
One of them is South Korea .
This is a picture of a new large center of the city that 's building in South Korea ; it 's bigger than the Boston center .
Everything you see there was built in four years , after it went through four years , getting permission .
The other country interested in building cities is Singapore .
In fact , they 've already built two cities in China , and they 're preparing for a third .
And if you think about this practical way , this is the point where we are .
They have a place , and you 're thinking about a site for the second city .
They 're preparing a legal system that would allow the administrators to come , and it would allow them to operate under an external legal system .
A country has already committed to allowing its Supreme Court to be the ultimate court of this new court system .
There are urban <unk> and developers that are very interested in the project .
They can even get some funding .
But the only thing we know they 've already solved is that they have a good number of people .
There are many companies who wanted to go in the Americas , especially in a place with a trade zone , and there 's a lot of people who would like to go to live there .
In the world , there are 700 million people who say they 'd like to be changed immediately to another place .
There are a million a year coming out of Latin America to go to the United States .
Many of them are parents who have to leave behind their family to get a job ; sometimes they 're single mothers who have to earn the money to just eat or buy clothes .
Sadly , sometimes even children are trying to meet with their parents who have n't seen , in some cases in a decade .
So what do you think about building a new city in Honduras ?
Or do you build a dozen of these , or a hundred of these all over the world ?
What does it seem to be thinking about to insist that families can choose between various cities that are competing to attract new residents ?
This is an idea worth spreading .
And my friends were asked to say , `` Thank you TED . ''
I 'm <unk> , and this is my <unk> .
But before I show you what 's inside , I 'm going to make a public confession , and it 's that I live obsessed with wetsuits .
I love to find , dressed , and more recently , photograph and publish in my blog , bold , colorful , different costumes for each time .
But I do n't buy anything new .
All my clothes is a second hand of <unk> markets and <unk> stores .
Ah , thank you .
The second hand stores allow me to reduce the impact of my <unk> in the environment and in my wallet .
I go to meet people <unk> , usually my money goes to a good cause ; my way is unique ; and buying it into my personal search for treasures .
I mean , what will I find today ?
Will it be my size ?
Do I like color ?
Is it going to cost less than 20 dollars ?
If all the answers are positive , then I feel I 've won .
Going back to my <unk> , I want to tell you what I packed for this exciting week at TED .
I mean , what brings somebody out of that clothes ?
So I 'm going to show you exactly what I brought .
I 've brought seven pairs of underwear , and nothing else .
You know , it 's all I 've put in my <unk> .
I thought it would be able to find everything else that I 'd like to use after arriving here to Palm Springs .
And since I do n't know me as the woman who walks from TED in underwear , that means I found some things .
And I 'd like to show the sets for this week .
Does n't it sound interesting ?
As I do , I 'm also going to tell you some of the lessons of life that , believe it or not , I 've learned in this adventure to not use new clothing .
Let 's start with Sunday .
I call this brilliant tiger .
You do n't have to spend a lot of money to look good .
You can almost see phenomenal for less than 50 dollars .
All the set , including a jacket , took me 55 , and it was the most expensive thing I 've used in a week .
Monday : color is energy .
It 's almost impossible to be out of bad humor , when you 're wearing a bright red pants .
If you 're happy , you 're going to attract other happy people .
Tuesday : The integration is <unk> .
I 've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time .
I just know yourself .
If you get to the right people , you 're not just going to understand you , too .
<unk> : <unk> of the child you 're wearing inside .
Sometimes people tell me it seems to me that I 'm going to play the costumes , or I would remind you to your little seven year-old .
I like <unk> and say , `` Thank you . ''
Thursday : Trust is the key .
If you think you 're okay with something , it 's pretty sure you are .
And if you think you do n't see you well with something , it 's probably true .
My mother taught me this day after day .
But it was n't until 30 years I really understood its meaning .
And I 'm going to explain it in a few seconds .
If you think you 're a beautiful person in your inner and outside , you do n't see you ca n't attract .
So there 's no excuse for anybody in this audience .
We must do everything we want to achieve .
Thank you .
<unk> : A universal truth for you : <unk> gold go with everything .
And finally , Saturday : Developing a personal style of telling the world something about you without having to say a word .
I 've tried it over and over again when people approached me this week just by what I was using , and we had fantastic conversations .
Obviously all of this is going to go into my little <unk> .
So before I left home , Brooklyn , I 'm going to donate everything .
Because the lesson I 'm trying to learn about this week is that you have to leave certain things .
I do n't need to hurt these things emotionally , because I turn around the corner , there will always be another crazy , colorful suit , if there 's a little bit of love in my heart , and I 'm looking for you .
Thank you very much .
Thank you .
This is a representation of your brain that we can divide into two parts .
The left side , which is the logic , and the right side , which is the intuitive part .
So , if you take a scale to measure the fitness of every hemisphere , we could design a blueprint of our brain .
For example , this would be somebody who 's completely logical .
This would be somebody who 's totally intuitive .
So , where do you deal with your brain at this scale ?
Some of them will be given by one of these extremes , but I think for most of the members of this audience , your brain is something like this -- with a great fitness fitness at the same time .
It 's not that it 's mutually exclusive .
You can be logical and intuitive .
I consider myself one of those people , as well as most of the other quantum quantum physicists , we need pretty logical to attach these complicated ideas .
But at the same time , we need a lot of intuition to make the experiments really work .
How do we develop this intuition ? Well , we like to play with things .
We 're going to play with them , and then we see how they react , and then we develop our intuition from that point .
And actually , you do the same thing .
A intuition that you can have developed over the years is the one thing that says that one thing can be only in a place at a time .
I mean , it may sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time , but you were not born with this notion , they developed it .
I remember watching a child playing in a parking bar .
It was a small kid , and he did n't do it very well , it always fell .
But I bet the playing game with that parking bar showed him a worthy lesson , and that is that big things do n't allow them to make them , and they stay in a place .
This is a big conceptual model that you can have in the world , except you 're a physicist .
It would be a terrible model for a particle physicist , because they do n't play with parking bars , they play with these strange little particles .
And when they play with their particles , they discover that they do all kinds of really rare things -- like they can go through walls , or they can be in two different places at the same time .
And then they wrote all these observations , and they called it the theory of quantum mechanics .
At that point was the physics of a few years ago ; you needed from quantum mechanics to describe those little particles .
But you did n't need you to describe the big objects around us every day .
That did n't fit me very well on my intuition , and maybe it 's because I do n't play very often with particles .
Well sometimes I play with them , but not much .
And I 've never seen them .
I mean , nobody saw a particle .
But it did n't fit my logic right .
Because if everything is made of little particles and all the little particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics , then it should n't be everything to follow the principles of quantum mechanics ?
I do n't find the reason why it should n't .
And so I would feel much better if I could somehow demonstrate that a common object also follows the principles of quantum mechanics .
That 's why a few years ago , I proposed to do exactly that .
And I did .
This is the first object that you can see has been in an overlap of quantum mechanics .
What we see here is a little computer chip .
And you can try to see the green dot right in the middle .
That 's the little metal that I 'm going to talk about in a minute .
This is a picture of the object .
And I 'm going to zoom in here a little bit . It 's right at the center .
And then here we make a good good approach to the little metal <unk> .
So what we see is a little bit of metal , <unk> , and it 's going to be supported by a platform .
And so I did this almost the same way you could make a computer chip .
I went to a clean room with a new silicon chip , and I put all the big machines for about 100 hours .
For the last material , I had to build my own machine -- to make this vent <unk> , which is underneath the device .
This device has the ability to be in a quantum overlap , but for that it needs a little help .
Let me make an analogy .
You know how uncomfortable it is to be on an elevator full of people .
I mean , when I 'm on an elevator alone , I do all kinds of weird stuff , but then when other people go up , I 'll leave you from doing those things , because I do n't want to upset you , or actually , freak out .
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave in the same way .
<unk> of inanimate objects are not only people , it 's also the light that shines and the wind that happens to its side and the heat of the room .
So we knew that if we wanted this little bit of metal to behave according to quantum mechanics , we would have to <unk> all the other passengers .
And that 's what we did .
<unk> the lights , then we introduced a Hoover and pulled out all the air , and then let it go back to a temperature of less than a degree above zero .
Now , by being on the elevator , the little metal piece is free to act like it wants .
So we measured their movement .
We discovered that she moved in very strange ways .
Instead of staying perfectly still , it was vibrating , and the way it was like a breath in this way -- like a bellows that is expanding and contract .
And by giving it a smooth push , we were able to make it <unk> , and that we do n't think of at the same time -- something that has only happened with quantum mechanics .
So what I 'm telling you is something really fantastic .
What does it mean , what does it mean , and do n't they stop at the same time ?
Let 's think about atoms .
In one case , all the trillions of atoms that make up that metal piece are still and at the same time those same atoms are moving up and down .
It 's just in certain <unk> when those line line .
In the rest of the time they 're <unk> .
It means that each atom is in two different places at the same time , which means that all of the metal piece is in two different places .
I think this is great .
Really .
It was the <unk> shot in a clean room to do this for all those years , because , look at this , the difference on scale between one atom and that metal piece is more or less the same as the difference between that little metal and you .
So if one single atom can be in two different places at the same time , and that metal piece can be in two different places , why do n't you ?
I mean , it 's my logic , which talks about .
So imagine if you were in various places at the same time , what would that be ?
How do you act your consciousness if your body was embedded in space ?
There 's another part of the story .
And it 's when we heat it up , and we turned the lights on and looked inside the box , and we saw that the metal was still there in one piece .
And I could get to this new intuition , apparently all of the objects on the elevator actually are just quantum objects that are just on a small space .
You hear a lot about a lot about quantum mechanics claims that everything is interconnected .
Well , that 's not that true .
That 's more profound .
It 's that those connections , your connections to all the things around you , literally define who you are , and that 's the deep queerness of quantum mechanics .
Thank you .
My name is <unk> .
And I was doing 18 months ago at Google , until I launched the idea of doing something related to museums and art to my boss who 's here and that allowed me to do it .
It took me 18 months .
Lots of negotiations and stories , I assure you , with 17 very interesting museums in nine countries .
But I 'm going to focus on the demo .
There 's a lot of stories from why we did it .
I think my own story is just explaining on this slide and this is the access .
I grew up in India .
I had a great education -- I did n't hear me but I did n't have access to many of these museums and artwork .
So when I started traveling and going to museums , I began to learn a lot .
And working on Google , I try to make the desire to make it more accessible through technology .
So we formed a team , a great team of people , and we started to do it .
So I 'd better show you the demo to then tell you a couple of interesting things that we 've been doing from your launch .
So simply , we 're going to <unk> .
Look around all the museums there are .
There 's the <unk> gallery , MoMA , <unk> , <unk> , Van Gogh .
I 'm actually going to go into one of my favorites , to the <unk> , the art museum in New York .
There are two ways of doing it -- very simple .
We click , and <unk> ! We 're already inside the museum .
It does n't matter where you are , Bombay or <unk> , that does n't really matter .
You move around and they are having fun .
They want to navigate the museum ?
We opened up the height , and with just a click , we jumped inside .
They 're inside , you want to go to the end of the hall .
Go forward . That 's <unk> !
<unk> .
Thank you , but I have n't reached the best .
I 'm standing in front of one of my favorite paintings , `` <unk> '' by Pieter <unk> in the <unk> .
I see the sign + .
If the museum shows us the image , we click there .
Look , this is one of the images .
Here 's all the data of metadata .
For those of you who are really interested in art , you can click there , but I 'm going to click on right now .
And this is one of the images we 've captured in what we call <unk> technology .
So this image , for example , contains , I think , about 10,000 million pixels .
And there 's a lot of people who ask me , `` What do you get with 10,000 million pixels ? ''
So I 'm going to show you what you do with 10,000 million pixels .
It can zoom around in a very simple way .
You see fun things that are happening .
I love this guy , his expression has no price .
But if you really want to go into a lot .
So I started playing , and I found something that was happening there .
And I said , `` Wait a moment , this seems interesting . ''
I went in and discovered that the kids were actually playing something .
So I did a little bit , I talked to some people in the <unk> , and I actually found that this is a game called [ unclear ] , which is a game called [ unclear ] , which is to hit a <unk> with a Tuesday one .
And apparently it was very popular .
I do n't know why they did it , but I 've learned something about it .
And now we 're going to get into even more deep , and you 'll see that you actually get to the cracks .
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective , I 'm going to pull the image , so you really see what 's there .
This is where we were , and this is the painting .
The best thing is to come , a second .
So now we 're going quickly to jump at MoMA in New York City .
Here 's another one of my favorites , `` The night <unk> . ''
The example I showed was to find details .
But what if you want to see the strokes ?
And if you want to see how Van Gogh you created this masterpiece ?
It goes up and does it .
I 'm going to one of my favorite parts in this picture , and I 'm really going to get to the cracks .
This is `` the night <unk> , '' I think I 'd never seen it before .
I 'm going to show you some other favorite functions .
There are many things over here , but I do n't have time to show it .
This is the really cool part . It 's called `` <unk> . ''
All of you , absolutely everybody , does n't matter if you 're rich or poor , or if you have a mansion , that gives you the same .
You can online , you can create your own museum , create your own collection of all these images .
It 's very simple , we go in , and I created this function that I call `` The zooming in '' -- we just got one zooming around .
It 's about `` The ambassadors '' at the National Gallery in London .
You can write things out , send it to your friends and keep a conversation about what you feel when you look at these masterpieces .
So in conclusion , I think , for me , the main thing is that all amazing things really do n't come from Google .
No , in my view , even from the museums .
Maybe I should n't say this .
Actually , they come from those artists .
And that has been my humble experience with this .
I mean , I hope in this digital medium to do justice to his artwork , and it 's represented appropriately online .
And the big question that I 'm doing today is , `` Do you do this to repeat the experience of going to a museum ? ''
And the answer is not .
It 's to supplement the experience .
And that 's all . Thank you .
Thank you .
Good evening everybody .
I have something to show you .
Think of it is a pixel , a flying pixel .
We call it sensitive design .
I 'm going to tell you a little bit about this .
If you look at this picture -- I 'm about Italian origin , all the kids in Italy growing up with this picture of his bedroom , but the reason I show you this is that it has happened very interesting on the race of Formula 1 in the last two decades .
So some time ago , if you wanted to win a race of Formula 1 , I would take a budget , and you 'll get it to a good pilot and a good car .
And if the car and the pilot was good enough , you would win the race .
This is what , in engineering , it 's going to become a real-time control system .
It 's essentially a system that has two components : a sensor and a <unk> .
What 's interesting today is that the real-time control systems are starting to enter into our lives .
Our cities , in the last few years , have been covered with networks and electronics .
They 're getting computers into the air .
And as such as they 're starting to respond differently , and they can be screened and <unk> .
<unk> cities is a big thing .
As a note , I wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the cortex of the planet , but they represent 50 percent of the world 's population .
75 percent of the energy consumption -- and to 80 percent of the CO2 emissions .
If we could do something with cities , it would be a big thing .
Beyond cities , all of these detections , <unk> are entering our everyday objects .
This is from an exhibit of Paola <unk> for weekends at MoMA , during the summer .
It 's called `` My uncle 's TEDTalk . ''
Well , our objects , the environment , start talking to us .
In a way , it 's like almost all of the existing atoms to become sensors and actuators .
And that 's actually changing the interaction that as humans have with the outer environment .
In a sense , it 's almost like the old angel , Michelangelo .
You know , when Michelangelo heard the Moses , he said that at the end , I took the hammer , and he said to the Moses -- in fact , you can still see a little fingerprint , and he said yelling out , `` Are you embarrassed <unk> ? '' And why do n't you talk ?
Well , for the first time , our environment starts to speak to us .
And I 'm going to show you just a few examples ; insisting on the idea of engaging the environment and push something .
Let 's start with detection .
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects in our lab .
This was four and a half years ago in Italy .
It was a summer of 2006 .
It was the year that Italy won the World Cup .
Maybe some of you remember it , you would play Italy in Italy and France , and at the end , <unk> gave the <unk> .
And anyway , I won Italy .
Now let 's see what happened that day by looking at the activity behind activity .
Here we see the city .
You see the Coliseum in the middle and the <unk> river .
It 's tomorrow , before play .
The timeline is at the top .
At the late evening there are people here , and there are making calls , moving .
It starts the game : silence .
<unk> from France , <unk> from Italy .
You know , people do a quick call , and it goes to the bathroom .
Second time . End of <unk> time .
First extra time , second .
<unk> , and at a moment , the <unk> .
They earn Italy , yeah !
That night , everyone went to celebrate it at the center .
You see the great spike .
The next day , everyone went to the center of the winning team and the prime minister 's prime .
And then everybody went down .
You see the picture of the place called <unk> Massimo where , from the Roman age , people will celebrate ; it 's a great party , you can see the peak at the end of the day .
This is just one example of how you can measure the pulse of the city in a way that we could n't have done a few years ago .
Another quick example of detection : it 's not about people , but things we use and consume .
Today we know everything about the background of our objects .
This is a map that shows all the chips that make up a Mac , how they assemble .
But we know very little about where things go .
So in this project we developed some small tags to track the trash in their travels through the system .
We started with volunteers who helped us in Seattle a little more than a year ago , to tag what they were throwing , different kinds of things , as you can see , things that are <unk> .
Then we put a little chip , a tag , the crap , and then we started <unk> .
These are the results from us .
From Seattle ...
after a week .
With this information , we realized that there are plenty of inefficiencies in the system .
We can do the same with much less energy .
These are data that they did n't have before .
They 're happening in complicated things , and there 's a lot of unnecessary transport .
But the other thing we believe is that if you look at every day that the cup that <unk> does n't disappear , that 's still somewhere on the planet .
If the plastic bottle that we shoot one day , it 's still there .
And we can show that to people , then we can make any change change .
That was the reason the project .
My colleague at MIT , <unk> <unk> , could tell us a lot more about detection and many other great things that we can do with that , but I wanted to go to the second part we talked about at the beginning , which is push over the environment .
And the first project is something we did a couple of years ago in <unk> .
It all started with a question of the mayor of the city , which came and told us that Spain and South Europe have a beautiful tradition of the water use in public spaces , in the architecture .
And the question was , how can technology , new technology , join that ?
And one of the ideas that we developed at MIT , in a workshop , was : imagine you have a trunk and valves , <unk> valves , <unk> you open and close .
It creates a curtain of water , with water pixels .
If you fall off the pixels , you can write the patterns , to show patterns , images , text .
And when you zoom in , the curtain will open up so that we can go , as you see in the picture .
We presented this to the <unk> mayor .
And so I liked it .
And we had a commission to design the building at the bottom of the tabletop .
We call it Digital Act .
The whole building is made of water .
There 's no windows and windows , but when you get coming up here , it opens up so you can go through .
The roof is also covered with water .
And if there 's a little bit of wind , if you want to minimize the <unk> , you get down the roof .
Or you can close the building and all architecture disappears , like in this case .
Those days there will always be somebody , in the winter , when you go down the roof , someone who was there and said , `` Let 's get the building . ''
No , it 's not that they 've demolished , but when it goes down almost all architecture , it 's gone .
Here 's how it works .
You see the people who are going through what 's inside .
And here I 'm myself trying to do n't get wet to try and get wet sensors .
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all the sensors stopped working .
That night was actually even more fun .
All the kids in <unk> came to the building because the way of interacting had changed a little bit .
It was no longer a building that opens up to leave you , but a building that was still doing cuts and holes of water and one had to jump to not getting wet .
( <unk> noise ) And for us , that was really interesting because as architects , engineers , designers , we always think about how people give our designs to our designs .
But then it 's always unpredictable .
And that 's the beauty of doing things to interact , that people use .
This is a picture of the building with the physical pixels , the pixels of the water and the projections of them .
And this is what led us to think about the next project I 'm going to show you .
Imagine that those pixels could start to fly .
Imagine you could have little helicopters in the air , and each one had a little pixel that changes color as if it was a cloud that 's moving in space .
This is the video .
Imagine a helicopter , like the one we saw before , that moves with others in synchrony .
We could form this cloud .
It 's a kind of flexible screen like this with a normal display in two dimensions .
Or normal , but in three dimensions , what changes it is the light , not the position of the pixels .
You can play with a different type .
Imagine that the screen appears at different scales and sizes , in different types of resolution .
And then all of that could be a frequency cloud in which you can get closer and go through , and see from very different angles .
This is the real <unk> <unk> , going down to form a V , like before .
When you turn the light on , you see this . The same thing we saw before .
Imagine each one of them being controlled by one person .
We can have every pixel with an entrance that comes from people , the movement of people , and so on and so on .
I want to show you something for the first time .
We 've been working with <unk> <unk> from the best ballet dancers of today , the star of the New York City <unk> star and La Scala of <unk> to capture their 3D motions and use them as input for <unk> .
Here we can see <unk> dancing .
On the left , you see the pixels in different resolutions .
It 's both 3D digitization in real time as movement capture .
It can be <unk> all the movement .
You can go through the whole path .
And once we have the pixels , we can play with them , with color and motion , with gravity and rotation .
We want to use this as a possible entry for <unk> .
I wanted to show you the last project we 're working on .
It 's something for the London Olympics .
It 's called the Cloud .
And the idea is , imagine again , we could engage people to do something and to change our environment as a <unk> nursery like a barn nursery , but with a cloud .
Imagine we could make all of them a little bit for a pixel .
And I think what remarkable has happened in the last few years is that , in the last two decades , we moved from the physical world to the digital world .
We 've digitized everything , like knowledge , and it 's accessible to the Internet .
Today , for the first time -- and the Obama campaign will <unk> us , we can move from the digital world , from power self-organizing , to the physical world .
In our case , this may we wanted to use it to design and make a symbol .
That would mean something built in a city .
But tomorrow can be to address the challenges of today : think about climate change or CO2 emissions , how do you move from the digital world to the physical world ?
The idea is that we can get people to do this together , collectively .
The cloud is a cloud , again , made from pixels in the same way that the real cloud is a cloud of particles .
And those particles are water , whereas in our cloud cloud .
It 's a physical structure in London , but it 's <unk> .
You can move inside , have different experiences .
You can see from the bottom , to serve the main moments of the 2012 Olympics and even more , and it can be used as a form of connection with the community .
So it 's just a physical cloud of heaven , like something you can rise to , like a new top of London .
You can get there .
As if it was a new digital speaker at night , but most importantly , it 's going to be a new experience for anybody to go to the top .
Thank you .
Would you like to be better than what they are ?
Suppose I told you that , with just some changes in your genes , they could improve memory -- by one more accurate and faster and faster .
Or maybe you 'd like to be in a better way , being stronger , having more resistance .
Would you like to be more attractive and make sure ?
How about living more with good health ?
Or maybe they 're about those people who always wanted to be creative .
What else would you like ?
What would you like , if you could choose something ?
Audience member : Creativity . ) Creativity .
How many people would choose creativity ?
Hands up . Let me see .
A few . It 's probably about the number of creative people present .
That 's very good .
How many would you choose the memory ?
A few more .
What about the physical state ?
A little less .
What about longevity ?
Oh , most of it , that makes me feel like a doctor .
If you could have some of this , the world would be very different .
Is it just imagination ?
Or maybe it 's possible ?
Evolution has been a <unk> theme here at the TED Conference , but today I want to give you a doctor 's look at the topic .
The great geneticist of the 20th century , <unk> . <unk> , which also <unk> in the <unk> <unk> Church , wrote an essay called `` Nothing in biology makes sense except light of Evolution . ''
But if you actually accept biological evolution consider this : this is just about the past , or the future ?
It 's about others or us ?
This is another look at the tree of life .
The human part of this branch , well at one end , is , of course , the most interested .
<unk> from a common ancestry with modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago .
In the interval there have been maybe 20 , 25 different species of hominids .
Some of them have gone back .
We 've been here about <unk> years .
It might seem like we 're very far from other parts of this tree of life , but actually , most of the basic machinery of our cells is more or less the same .
Do you realize that we can harness and control the machinery of a common bacterium to produce the protein of human insulin that is used to treat diabetes ?
This is not like human insulin , but it 's the same protein , chemically mash , of the pancreas coming out of the pancreas .
And talking about bacteria , do you realize that we all have in the gut of the bacteria that the cells that we have in the rest of the body ?
Maybe 10 times more .
I mean , do you think -- when Antonio Damasio 's raises the <unk> -- think about bacteria ?
The gut is a wonderfully hospitable environment for those bacteria .
It 's warm , dark , wet , it 's very cozy .
And we 're going to provide you all the nutrients that you can want without understanding their part .
It 's really like a quick thing for bacteria with occasional disruption of some rush <unk> out .
But , for others , we are a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential to our life .
They help digest nutrients and protect us from certain diseases .
But what are the future ?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary balance kind of thing ?
Or was it going to become something different , something maybe better adapted to the environment ?
In this vast symphony <unk> of the universe , life on Earth is like a brief compass -- the animal kingdom , as one and only one and only <unk> , a little note of grace .
That was us .
And it was also the entertaining part of this talk , so I hope you loved it .
When I first went to college , I had my first class of biology .
I was fascinated by elegance and the beauty of biology .
I fell in love with the power of evolution , and I realized something fundamental : most of the existence of life , in single-celled organisms , each cell is simply divided and all the genetic energy of that cell is transmitted to the two daughters .
But when organisms come up with the multicellular organisms , things start to change .
It goes into the sexual reproduction scene .
And something very important : with the emergence of sexual reproduction that the genome happens , the rest of the body becomes <unk> .
In fact , you might say that the inevitability of the death of the body comes into evolution at the same time of sexual reproduction .
I have to tell you that when I was a college student thought , well , <unk> , <unk> , death -- it seemed reasonable at that time , but with every year that was going on , I had more doubt .
I came to understand the feelings of George Burns , that still acting in Las Vegas in the 90s .
And one night , someone hits your hotel door .
He opens the door .
In front of him , you find a wonderful light dancer .
He looks at it and says , `` I came for a `` sex soup . ''
`` Okay , '' he says George , `` I chose the soup . ''
I realized , as a doctor , who was working for a different goal of evolution , not necessarily counterintuitive , just differently .
I was trying to preserve the body .
I wanted to be healthy .
I wanted to recover health in the disease .
I wanted we to live more and healthier .
Evolution is about spending the genome to the next generation -- adapt and <unk> generation after generation .
From an evolutionary point of view , you and I are as a <unk> rockets , to send the genetic burden to the next level and then let us let the sea fall .
I think we all understand the feeling that Woody Allen when he said , `` I do n't want to achieve immortality through my work .
I want to do it not dying . ''
Evolution did not necessarily help longevity .
Not necessarily favors the bigger or the stronger or faster and even the smartest one .
Evolution favors the best adapted to their environment .
That 's the only proof of survival and success .
In the bottom of the ocean , the <unk> bacteria that would survive , if there were fish there , if there were fish there , dry fish , yet they have managed to do that , a welcoming environment .
So what does this mean , when we look at what 's happening in evolution , and if we look back to thinking about the place of humans in evolution , and in particular , if we look forward to the next phase -- I would say there 's lots of possibilities .
The first is that we do n't get it .
We 've reached a kind of balance .
And the underlying reasoning would be that through medicine , first of all , we have known to preserve a lot of genes that would otherwise have been dismissed and taking away from the population .
And secondly , as a species , we set up our environment so that we could be adapted as well as we adapt to it .
And , by the way , we migrated , <unk> , and we 're so excited that it 's no longer possible to have the necessary isolation to occur .
A second possibility is that there is an evolution of traditional , natural type , dictated by the forces of nature .
And the argument here would be , that the gears of evolution roll slowly , but they 're <unk> .
And in terms of isolation , when we think as a species -- distant planets are going to have isolation and environmental changes that can produce evolution naturally .
But there is a third possibility , an attractive , intriguing possibility .
I call it <unk> , new evolution , which is not just natural -- but yaw and selected for us as individuals in the decisions we 're going to take .
Now , how could this happen ?
How could we do this ?
First consider the reality that many people today , in some cultures , are making decisions about their offspring .
In some cultures , they 're choosing to have more boys than women .
It 's not necessarily good for society , but it 's what you choose at the individual and family level .
Think of it as well as possible to be able to choose not only the sex of their offspring , but in their own body to make the genetic settings to cure or prevent diseases .
What if we could make the genetic changes to remove diabetes or Alzheimer 's disease or reduce the risk of cancer or remove the stroke ?
Do n't you want to make those changes in your genes ?
If we look at the future that kind of changes that kind of changes is going to be possible .
The Human Genome Project started in 1990 , took 13 years .
<unk> <unk> million dollars .
The next year of being done , in 2004 , I could do the same work for 20 million dollars in three months .
Today , you can get a full sequence of the three billion base pairs in the human genome at a cost close to 20,000 and within a week .
It 's not a lot to make the human genome for $ 1,000 and more and more and more and more and more .
That changes are coming .
The same technology that has produced human insulin in bacteria can do viruses that are not only going to protect us from themselves , but they 're going to induce other viruses .
Believe it or not there 's an experimental trial in the course of the vaccine against the grown influenza cells in a tobacco plant .
Can you imagine something good that tobacco ?
That 's actually today and the future is going to be increasingly possible .
Imagine then only two other changes .
Can they change cells from their bodies , but if they could change the cells from their offspring ?
What if they could change sperm and the eggs , or changing the <unk> egg , and give their children a better chance of a healthier life , remove the diabetes , remove the <unk> , reduce the risk of cancer ?
Who does n't want healthier kids ?
And then , that same analytical technology , that same motor of science that can produce the changes to prevent diseases is going to allow us to also adopt <unk> -- a better memory .
Why not have the ingenuity of a Ken Jennings genius , especially if you could <unk> with the next generation of the machine , Watson ?
Why do n't we have a twitch of twitch faster than it will allow us to run faster and faster ?
Why not live longer ?
This is going to be compelling .
And when we 're in conditions to pass this to the next generation , and we can adopt the attributes that we want to have become the evolution of before in the <unk> .
We 're going to take a process that normally it could take 100,000 years and we can compress it back to 1,000 years and maybe happen within the next 100 years .
These are elections that their grandchildren , or the grandchildren of their grandchildren , are going to have them .
Are we going to use these choices for a better , more successful society , more considered ?
Or , are we going to selectively choose different attributes that we want for some of us , but not for others ?
Are we going to build a society that is more boring and more robust or more robust , more maneuverable ?
This is the kind of question we 're going to face .
And most of all , are we going to be able to develop the wisdom and inherit the wisdom required to make these wisely decisions ?
For good or for bad , and before what you might think , these choices are going to depend on us .
Thank you .
Imagine a big bang when you 're at 900 feet tall .
Imagine a plane full of smoke .
Imagine a motor doing <unk> , <unk> , <unk> .
<unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> . It sounds terrifying .
Well , I had a single seat that day . I was sitting in the <unk> .
It was the only one I could talk to with the flight assistants .
So I immediately looked at them , and they said , `` No problem . You probably hit some birds . ''
And the pilot had already cracked the plane , and we were n't so far away .
You could see Manhattan .
Two minutes later , three things happened at the same time .
The pilot <unk> the plane with the Hudson River .
Mostly that 's not the route .
<unk> the motors .
Imagine being on an airplane and no noises .
And then he said three words .
The three more <unk> I 've heard .
He said , `` <unk> for the impact . ''
I did n't have to talk more with the flight assistant .
I was able to see him in his eyes .
It was terror . Life was finished .
I want to share with you three things that I learned about myself that day .
I learned that everything changes in a moment .
We have this list of things to do before they die , these things that we want to do in life , and I thought about all the people I wanted to get to , and I did n't , all the fences I wanted to repair , all the experiences I 've wanted to have , and I never had .
As I thought about that later , I was a phrase , which is , `` I collect bad wine . ''
Because if he 's ready , and the person is there , I 'm going to open it up .
I do n't want to touch anything in life .
And that urgency , that purpose , has really changed my life .
The second thing I learned that day -- and this is while I 'm going to take George Washington Bridge , which was n't for much -- I thought about , wow , I really feel a big deal .
I 've lived a good life .
In my humanity , and my mistakes I 've tried to improve in everything I did .
But in my humanity , I also give to my ego .
And I 'm sorry about the time I wasted things that do n't matter to people who do matter .
And I thought about my relationship with my wife , with my friends , with people .
And then , like <unk> on that , I decided to remove the negative energy of my life .
It 's not perfect , but it 's much better .
Two years I did n't have a fight with my wife .
You feel about wonder .
I 'm not trying to be right ; <unk> being happy .
The third thing I learned -- and this is like your mental clock goes , `` 15 , 14 , 13 . ''
You see the water <unk> .
I 'm saying , `` Please fly . ''
I do n't want this to break in 20 pieces like you see in those documentaries .
And as I <unk> , I had the feeling of , `` Wow , '' I 'm not afraid of fear .
It 's almost like we 've been <unk> for it all of our life .
But it was very sad .
I did n't want to go ; I love my life .
And that sadness became a single thought , which is , just desire one thing .
I wish I could see my children growing up .
One month later , I was in my daughter 's performance -- first grade , not much artistic talent -- still , and I shout , cry , like a small .
And for me , that was the whole reason for being the world .
At that point I understood the two points , that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great parent .
For all , the only goal I have in life is to be a good parent .
I gave myself a miracle , not dying that day .
And I was given another gift , which was the possibility to look at the future and go back and live in another way .
You 're flying today , the challenge you 're flying around today , the challenge you can imagine that the same thing happens on your plane -- and please do n't -- but imagine , and how do you change ?
What do you do , they still wait because they think they 're going to live forever ?
How would your relationships change and the negative energy in them ?
And most importantly , are the best parents that can be ?
Thank you .
I 've clearly been blessed with a lot of amazing projects .
But the most great thing I worked on was this guy .
The guy is called <unk> .
<unk> was one of the most important <unk> in the 1980s .
One day he came to his house after running , and he said , `` Dad , I feel tingling in the legs . ''
And that was the beginning of ALS .
Today <unk> has total paralysis .
You can only use your eyes .
His job influenced me .
I have a design company and animation , so obviously , the graffiti is something intricate that we admire and respect in the art world .
So we decided we were going to talk to Tony , <unk> , and their cause .
So I went and met with his brother and father and I said , `` We 're going to give you this money .
What are you going to do with it ? ''
And his brother said , `` I just want to be able to talk to Tony again .
I just want to communicate with him and that he 's able to communicate with me . ''
And I said to him , `` One second , is not that you saw Stephen <unk> is not that all people with paralysis can communicate through these devices ? ''
And he said , `` No , unless you 're somebody who 's important and you have a good insurance , you ca n't actually do it .
These devices are not affordable for people . ''
And I said , `` Well how do they communicate then ? ''
Did anybody look at the movie `` The <unk> and the butterfly '' ?
They communicate in that way -- they 're <unk> with your finger .
I said , `` That 's archaic . How can it be ? ''
So I showed up with the only desire to deliver a check , and instead of that sign a check that had no idea what I was going to cover .
So I committed to her brother and his father there right now , `` All right , this is the deal : Tony 's going to talk , we 're going to build a machine , and we 're going to find a way to make its art again .
Because it 's ridiculous that someone who has so much in your inside ca n't communicate it . ''
So I talked about a conference a couple months later .
I met these guys called `` <unk> Research Lab , '' which has a technology that allows you to project a light on any surface , and then , with a laser pointer , they draw on it , and the record is negative .
So they go around doing art facilities like this .
All the things that appear , they say , are part of a life cycle .
They start with sex organs , then with the bad words , then with the attacks on Bush and , at the end , people start doing art .
But there was always a cycle of life in his presentations .
And so the journey started .
And about two years later , about a year after a year , after a lot of organization , and very much to move things back from one side , we had done a couple of things .
One , we played the gates of insurance companies , and we got a machine that <unk> could communicate -- a machine like Stephen Hawking .
Which was great .
And seriously , it 's about the most fun , I call him <unk> because when you talk to the guy , you get an email from him , and you say , `` I do n't deserve it . This guy is fantastic . ''
The other thing we did was bring seven programmers from all over the world <unk> every corner of the <unk> to our house .
My wife , the kids and I moved into the garage , and these hackers and programmers and <unk> , took control of the house .
A lot of our friends thought we would do something totally stupid , and that when you were <unk> , the pictures of the walls and instead there would be graffiti .
But for two weeks , we went to the sea ride in Venice , my son was part , my dog , and we created this .
It 's called `` <unk> , '' and you can see the description .
It 's a couple of <unk> sunglasses that we bought on the sea seat in Venice Beach , some copper wire and things from Home <unk> and Radio Shack .
We took a <unk> camera , we cut it open , we put it up on an LED light and now there 's a device that 's free -- and it builds yourself , we published the code <unk> software , it 's going down for free .
And we created a device that does n't have limitation at all .
There 's no insurance company that says `` no . ''
There 's no hospital I can say , `` No . ''
Any person with paralysis today has access to drawing and communicate using only their eyes .
Thank you .
Thank you very much . That was awesome .
So at the end of the two weeks we came back to the <unk> room .
I love this picture because this is the other person 's room and that 's his room .
There were all this <unk> and <unk> during the big opening .
And after a year of planning a year of planning , two weeks of programming , programming all night , Tony became drawing for the first time in seven years .
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of your life and it 's looking through the support system of their life .
We ran the bed so I could see .
And we put a projector on a wall from the outside hospital .
And he came back to drawing for the first time in front of his family and friends -- and you can imagine what was the feeling in the parking lot .
The funny thing was , we had to bust in the parking lot , so we feel like we were leaning with graffiti as well .
At the end of this , he sent us an email , and this was what was telling us , `` This was the first time it was drawn in seven years .
I felt like I 'd been underwater and someone finally came to <unk> and would pull me out of there so I could breathe . ''
Is n't it wonderful ?
In a way that 's our cry of war .
That 's what keeps us in motion , developing .
And we have a long way to go with this .
It 's a cool device , but it 's the equivalent of a pot .
Someone with this artistic potential deserve more .
So we 're trying to figure out how to improve and make it faster and make it faster .
Since then , we 've had all kinds of recognition .
We 've won a lot of awards .
Remember , it 's free ; none of us are making money with this .
Everything comes out of our own pockets .
The prizes were , `` Oh , this is fantastic . ''
Armstrong tweeted something about us , and then in December , Time magazine recognized us as one of the 50 best invention of 2010 , and it was really cool .
The best thing about all of this -- and this is what ended up the <unk> is that in April of this year in the MOCA center in downtown Los Angeles , there is going to be an exhibition called `` Art in <unk> . ''
And `` Art in <unk> '' is going to have the best <unk> of urban art , <unk> <unk> , <unk> all of them are going to be there .
It 's going to be on the show , which is pretty impressive .
So basically this is my idea : If you look at something that is n't possible , do it possible .
Nothing in this room was possible -- the stage , the computer , the microphone , the <unk> was possible at a certain point .
Do it happen -- anything in this room .
I 'm not a programmer , I never did anything with eye recognition technology , I just recognized something , and I would give me a lot of wonderful people to make it happen .
And these are the questions that I want you all to do every day when we find something we feel like to do . If it 's not now , when do n't I , who ?
Thank you guys .
I 've spent the last few years doing it in very often very difficult situations , and at the same time a so much dangerous .
I went to jail -- hard .
I worked in a coal mine -- dangerous .
Film zones -- difficult and dangerous .
And I spent 30 days eating this -- fun at the beginning , something difficult in the middle , very dangerous at the end .
In fact , in a lot of my career , I 've been focusing on it in horrible situations with the only goal of trying to look at social issues in ways that kind of attractive , interesting , and hopefully analyzing them in a way that was visible and accessible to the audience .
So when I knew I would come up here to do a TEDTalk on the brands world , and everybody wanted to do something a little bit different .
So some of you can have heard of it , or not , a couple of weeks ago , I took a <unk> warning .
I sent some messages on Facebook , some on Twitter , I volunteered for the rights of my TEDTalk in 2011 .
What I had was the following : `` <unk> her <unk> : my TEDTalk you have no idea what it is about , and according to content I could put it in the face , especially if I put it in ridiculous to you or your company .
But said this , is a very good media opportunity . ''
Do you know how many people look at these TEDTalks ?
A lot .
It 's a title of progress , by the way .
So still with that <unk> , I knew somebody was going to buy the rights of the name .
If you asked me a year ago , I could n't tell you to tell you about it .
But in the new film I 'm working on , we looked at the world of marketing , of advertising .
And as I said earlier , I 've put myself in horrible situations over the last few years , but nothing could prepare me , and nothing was so difficult to go into the rooms with these guys .
You see , I had this idea for a movie .
Morgan <unk> : I want to make a film that I tried to deal with products , marketing and advertising , and that all the film comes down with <unk> of products , marketing and advertising .
The movie is going to call `` The greatest film ever for him . ''
What 's going on in `` The greatest film ever for him , '' is that everything from the top to bottom , has a brand picture , all the time -- from the <unk> that appears before the title , the X brand .
Now this brand , <unk> <unk> , the <unk> Center .
These people were going to be shot by the film in peace forever .
And so the film is exploring all this idea . ( Michael <unk> : It 's redundant . It 's what ? ( MK : It 's redundant . ) rationally , forever ?
I 'm an redundant person . ( MK : Just say it . ) It was more because of emphasis .
It was `` A forever . ''
But we 're not just going to have the X brand sponsor in the title , but we 're going to make sure that we 're going to make out all the categories we could in the film .
Maybe we sell a shoe , and it becomes the most great shoe that you 've used to use ...
The most great car that you 've driven in `` The greatest film ever for him , '' the best drink you have drunk , <unk> from `` The largest <unk> film ever . ''
<unk> <unk> : The idea is , in addition to showing you the brands as part of life , to make them a film ? ( MS : To <unk> the film . ) MS : And we actually show the whole process of how it works .
The whole film objective is transparency .
You 'll see the whole process in this movie .
That 's the whole idea , the whole film , at first .
And I would love to help you make it happen .
Robert Friedman : You know , it 's funny because it 's the first time I hear that ; it 's the maximum respect for the audience .
<unk> : However , I do n't know how responsive is going to be the people that are .
<unk> : You have a perspective -- I do n't know if `` angle '' -- I do n't know if you 're going to resonate ? ( MS : No idea ) David <unk> : How much money do you need to do this ?
MS : One million and a half million . ( DC : All right . ) John Kamen : I think it 's going to be hard to meet them , but it 's certainly going to be worthwhile to convince a couple big marks .
<unk> : Who knows , maybe for the moment the movie comes to us like a lot of idiots joyful .
MS : What do you think is going to be the answer ?
Stuart <unk> : Most of the answers are `` no . ''
MS : But will it be hard to sell it , for the film or for me ?
JK : Both things .
MS : ... means you 're not very optimistic .
So help me ? I need help .
MK : I can help .
MS : Okay . ( MK : Okay . ) Awesome .
MK : We need to think about what brands .
MS : Yes . ( MK : That 's the challenge . ) When you look at the people you have to treat ...
MK : We have some places to go . ( MS : Okay . ) Let 's get the camera .
MS : I thought , `` turns out the camera , '' it meant we have a conversation out of the microphone .
So the camera means , `` We do n't want to know anything about your film . ''
MS : And so it was , one by one , all of these companies suddenly disappeared .
No one wanted to have anything to do with this film .
I was surprised .
They did n't want to know anything about this project .
And I was very impressed by that , and I thought the concept of advertising , it was to introduce the product to as many people as possible , to make so many people as possible .
Especially in the world today , this intersection of new media and old media and the landscape of the separate media , is not the idea to tell you that new vehicle worthy of attention that is going to take the message to the masses ?
No , that 's what I thought .
But the problem was , you see , my idea had a <unk> error and that mistake was this .
No , there was no mistake .
There was no mistake at all .
This would have been well .
But the problem was what this image represents .
See , when you 're looking for images from Google ' pictures , this is one of the first images that appear .
I like your roll way , Sergey Brin . No .
This was the problem : transparency -- free of simulation , or deception -- easily detected or seen -- that 's easily defined by the visibility or access to information , especially in business practices -- being the last line , maybe the biggest problem .
You see , we hear a lot about transparency in these days .
Our politicians name , the president , the claims , even CEOs .
But all of a sudden , when it comes to it , something changes a sudden .
But why ? Well , transparency are afraid -- like that weird bear that still remains .
It 's unpredictable -- like this rare rural path .
And it 's also too risky .
What else is it risky ?
He <unk> an entire bowl of <unk> <unk> .
That 's very risky .
When I started talking to companies , and I started to tell you that we wanted to tell this story , and they said , `` No , we want to tell <unk> history .
We want to tell a story , but tell <unk> history . ''
See , when I was a kid , and my father caught me in some lie -- and there he is staring at me , as he used to do , say , `` Son , there are three sides in every story .
There 's your story , there 's my story , and it 's the real story . ''
As you can see , in this film , we wanted to tell the real story .
But with just one company , a agency to help me -- and that just because I knew John Bond and Richard <unk> from many years -- I realized I would have to go on my own , I would have to take the victim and go to business myself with all my team .
So what I started to tell all of a sudden -- and I started to tell me that when you start talking with companies , the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem .
MS : I have friends who make big , huge , giant films and others make small films , independent films like mine .
And my friends who make great Hollywood movies , giant Hollywood , say the reason why their films are so successful , you have the associated brands that they have .
And then my friends who make independent films say , `` Well , how are we supposed to compete with these big , giant Hollywood movies ? ''
And the film is called `` The greatest Life ever . ''
How are we going to see specifically abroad in the movie ?
Every time I 'm going to go out , every time I open my <unk> , you 'll see your deodorant .
At any time during an interview with somebody can say , `` Are you cool for this interview ?
Are you ready ? You 're a little nervous .
I want to help you out .
Maybe you should put a little bit about this before the interview . ''
And there it will offer you one of these fabulous <unk> .
Both `` <unk> <unk> '' as `` Paradise . ''
We 're going to have so much for man , as for woman , solid , <unk> , in bar , whatever .
That 's the general look .
Now I can answer your questions and give you a <unk> look .
Karen Frank : We 're a small brand .
It 's similar to the smallest type of films that you actually have ; we 're more well an rival brand .
So we do n't have the budget of other brands .
So doing things like that , you know , to remind people , is why we 're interested in .
MS : What words would you use to describe abroad ?
Ki-moon is blank .
KF : That 's a big question .
Volunteer : superior technology .
MS : Technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put in your <unk> .
Man : We talk about something bold , fresh .
I think fresh , it 's a great word that actually puts this category at positive versus `` combat smell and sweat . ''
It keeps you fresh .
How do we stay fresh more time ? With better freshness , more freshness , three times cooler .
Things like those who highlight the benefits .
MS : And that 's a <unk> company .
What about me ? What about a common guy ?
I need to talk to the street man , to people like me , to the <unk> .
They have to talk to me about my brand .
MS : How do you define your brand ?
Man : Mmm my brand ?
I do n't know .
I like good clothes .
Woman : reviving the 1980s , punk <unk> ' unless it 's a laundry day .
MS : All right , what 's the brand <unk> brand ?
<unk> : One single one . ( MS : No one ) Man : I guess the kind of gender , the style I have would be like a dark <unk> .
I like a lot of the dark colors , many gray and things like that .
I 'm usually wearing like sunglasses , or I like crystals and similar .
Woman : If Dan 's a brand could be a classic <unk> , '' Mercedes Benz .
Man 2 : The brand thing I 'm , I would call `` casual '' .
Woman 2 : In hippie part , partly <unk> , in part of <unk> Brooklyn , I do n't know .
Man 3 : I 'm the kind of pets .
<unk> toys in the country and in the world .
So I guess that 's my brand .
In my little sector , that 's my brand .
Man 4 : My brand is FedEx because they make the commodities .
Man 5 :
Is that something ?
<unk> : I 'm a lawyer , a lawyer .
Tom : I 'm Tom .
MS : Well , we ca n't all be a brand brand , but I 'm often amazed at the intersection of dark <unk> and a random list .
I realized I needed an expert .
I needed somebody who could enter my head , somebody who could help me understand what they call the `` personality personality . ''
And I found a company named Olson <unk> in Pittsburgh .
They helped businesses as <unk> , <unk> , inquisitive to discover that personality of brand .
If they could do it for them , they could surely do it for me .
<unk> : <unk> the photos , right ?
MS : Yes . The first picture is a familiar picture .
A : Tell me a little bit about how you relate to your thoughts and feelings .
MS : These people shape my way of seeing the world .
A : Tell me about that world .
MS : That world ? I think your world is the world you live in -- like the people around you , your friends , your family , the way you live in your life , the work you do .
All of those things come from and start in a place and in my case where it comes and start in my family , in West Virginia .
So what 's the next one you want to talk about ?
MS : The next one is , `` This was the best day of my life . ''
A : How does this relate to your thoughts , feelings and how to be ?
MS : It 's like who wants to be me .
I like different things .
I like weird stuff . I like weird things .
A : Tell me about why , `` Why is it for us ?
What 's the machete ? What phase of the <unk> are you now ?
Why is to reset ? What does the red represent ?
Tell me a little bit about that .
A little more of you , which is not who you are .
What other <unk> did you have ?
You do n't have to fear . What type of rollercoaster are you ?
MS : <unk> ! ( A : Thank you . ) No , thank you .
A : Thank you for your patience . ( MS : Great work ) A : Yes . ( MS : Thank you very much . ) All right .
MS : Yeah , I do n't know what 's going to come out of this .
There was a lot of crazy at all of this .
<unk> <unk> : The first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides , but complementary , on your brand personality ; he 's Morgan <unk> is a <unk> brand .
They were very good together .
And I think there 's almost a paradox on them .
And I think some companies are only going to be attached to one of your strong points or the other instead of focus on both .
A lot of companies tend to avoid the things that are not safe ; they 're trying to avoid fear , those elements , and you are actually <unk> and make them become positive for you , and it 's nice to see that .
What other marks are like that ?
The first here is the classic , Apple .
And you can also see here to Target , Wii , Mini <unk> Mini and <unk> .
Now there are playful brands and conscious brands , those things that have gone and come , but a <unk> brand is quite powerful .
MS : A <unk> brand . What 's your brand ?
If someone asks you to raise your identity identity , your personality personality , what would it be ?
Are you an advantage ? Are you somebody who makes the blood flow ?
Or are you more good an asset ?
A bit more quiet , reserved , conservative ?
<unk> attributes are kind of as playful as being playful as being playful , contemporary , adventurous , adventurous , bold , bold , bold or agile , profane , dominant , <unk> , magical or mystical , like <unk> .
Or are you a rather <unk> ?
Are you conscious , sophisticated like <unk> ?
Are you established , traditional , provider , protective , ?
You 're good , stable , family , reliable , holy , contemplative , or wise , like the Dalai Lama or <unk> ?
In the course of this film , we had over 500 companies , bottom-up and descending , which said , `` No , '' they did n't want to be part of this project .
They did n't want to have anything to do with this film , mainly because they would have no control , they would have no control over the end product .
We were allowed to tell the story of the <unk> , and we got to tell the story in this film of how MRI is now using MRI to identify the desire centers in the brain both for commercial marketing and film .
We went to St. Paulo where they 've been forbidden .
In the entire city for the last five years , there 's no posters , there 's no posters , there 's nothing <unk> , nothing .
And we went to school districts where businesses are getting into the schools with liquidity problems in the U.S .
The amazing thing to me is that the projects I 've had the biggest answer , or that I 've had more successful , are those in which I 've interacted with things directly .
And that 's what these brands did .
They went to the <unk> , they took their agencies , and they said , maybe these agencies do n't have my best interest in mind .
I 'm going to try directly with the artist .
I 'm going to work with him to create something different , something that 's going to make people think of people , which is going to challenge the way we look at the world .
And how do they leave them ? Did they succeed ?
Well , since the movie was released in the Sundance Festival , let 's take a look .
According to <unk> the film was released in January , and since then -- and this is n't <unk> , we have had 900 million impressions in the media for this film .
This is just a <unk> period .
That 's just online -- no press , no TV .
The movie is still not yet <unk> .
It 's still not online . It 's not in <unk> .
It has n't even been presented in other countries still .
Ultimately , this film has already begun to win .
And it 's not bad because almost all of the agencies we 're talking about telling their clients not to be part .
I 've always believed that if you risk , if you take risks , that in those risks are opportunities .
I think when you take people out of that are pushing people out of it .
I think when you train your employees in the risk of risk , they 're preparing their company to be preparing for rewards .
I feel that what 's going to happen to progress is that we have to encourage people to take risk .
We have to encourage people who are not afraid of the opportunities they can do .
Ultimately , I think we have to go to fear .
We have to put that bear in a cage .
They 're afraid of the risk .
At a time , we have to embrace risk .
And ultimately , we have to house transparency .
Today more than ever a little bit of honesty is going to go a long way .
And he said this , with honesty and transparency , all my talk `` The Transparency '' has been presented by my good friends of <unk> who for names for granted bought the rights of the name in <unk> .
<unk> : Let 's take big data into big opportunities for companies around the world .
<unk> presents `` Transparency . ''
Thank you very much .
June Cohen : So , Morgan , in the name of transparency , what happened exactly with those dollars ?
MS : This is an exceptional question .
In my pocket , I have a check on the name of the TED matrix , the Sapling Foundation , a check for granted to be applied to my care of TED next year .
The idea behind the computer computer worm is actually very simple .
We do n't want Iran to buy the nuclear bomb .
Their biggest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the <unk> <unk> plant .
The gray boxes that you see are real-time control systems .
If we managed to engage these systems that control these speeds and valves , we can cause a lot of problems with the centrifuge .
<unk> boxes do n't use Windows ; they 're a completely different technology .
But if we were able to put an effective player from Windows in a laptop used by an engineer to set up this gray box , then we 're ready .
This is the plan behind Stuxnet .
We started with a Windows Windows .
The <unk> enters the gray box , damages the centrifuge , and the Iranian nuclear program is <unk> ; mission accomplished .
It 's easy , huh ?
I want to tell you how we discovered this .
When we started investigating about Stuxnet six months ago , the purpose was completely unknown .
The only thing you know is that it 's very , very complex in the Windows : the <unk> used multiple vulnerabilities .
It seemed to want to do something with these gray boxes , these <unk> systems .
That struck us , and we started an experiment where you infect our environment with Stuxnet and saw what was going on with this .
So , very strange things happened .
Stuxnet actually behaves like a laboratory rat that did n't like our cheese : the wave , but I did n't want to eat .
It did n't make sense for me .
And after experiment with different flavors of cheese , I realized , and I thought , `` This is a run .
It 's completely addressed . ''
The <unk> is actively looking at the gray box if you find a specific setup , and even if the program is trying to infect is actually working on that place .
If no , Stuxnet does nothing .
So that called my attention , and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day , because I thought , `` We do n't know what the goal is . ''
It could be , say for example , a U.S. power plant , or a chemical plant in Germany .
Let 's better deal with the goal soon .
So we pulled out and <unk> the attack code , and we discovered that it was structured in two digital bombs : small and a big one .
We also saw that they were very professionally by people who obviously had all the internal information .
It 's all the points for which to attack .
You probably even know how much matches the operator .
So you know everything .
And if you 've heard that if you 've heard that Stuxnet is complex and high-tech , let me tell you : the load is very complex .
It 's very above everything we 've seen before .
Here you see a sample of this attack code .
We 're talking about 15,000 lines of code .
It looks pretty much like the old language assembler .
So I want to tell you how we could find it finding meaning to this code .
What we were looking for in the beginning were called calls for the system , because we know what they do .
We then were looking for <unk> and data structures and trying to engage with the real world with potential world targets .
We need theories about recipients of recipients that we can pass or <unk> .
In order to get to theories about goals , you know , it 's definitely a violent farmer , it must be a valuable target , and it 's probably located in Iran , because most infections have been <unk> .
They do n't find several thousand goals in that area .
It basically boils down to the nuclear power plant of <unk> and the <unk> <unk> plant .
So I told my assistant , `` <unk> a list of all the experts in <unk> and power plants between our clients . ''
I called them and I consulted them in an effort to <unk> their experience with what we find in code and data .
And it worked pretty well .
So we were able to associate the small digital <unk> with control of rotor .
rotor is that mobile part inside the centrifuge , that black object you see .
If they run the speed of this rotor , they certainly can <unk> and even make the centrifuge explode .
What we saw is that the goal of the attack was to make it slow and <unk> at an obvious effort to go back crazy to the nest maintenance engineers , so they could n't solve this very quickly .
We try to decipher the big digital <unk> looking very closely at the data and their structures .
So , for example , the number <unk> is coming out in that code , you ca n't afford it .
I started researching scientific literature on how these <unk> are built in <unk> and found that they 're structured in what 's called a waterfall , and each waterfall contains <unk> <unk> .
That made sense , there was a coincidence .
And it got better yet .
These <unk> in Iran are divided into 15 parts of the stages .
And guess what about the attack code ?
An almost identical structure .
So again , that was a good coincidence .
This gave us a lot of confidence in understanding what we had between hands .
For no misunderstanding , it did n't .
The results have been taken from after several weeks of hard work .
It 's routinely <unk> at dead ends and we had to start again .
And yet , we discovered that both digital posts were going to be just one and same objective , but from different angles .
The small <unk> is taking a waterfall , and making the rotors and <unk> , and the big <unk> communicate with six waterfalls and manipulating valves .
In addition , we 're very confident that we have determined that we 've determined the recipient .
It 's <unk> , and it 's just <unk> .
We should n't worry that other targets are taken by Stuxnet .
So I 'm showing you some very interesting things that we saw , really impressed me .
There 's the gray box , and you see the <unk> .
What this thing does is <unk> the values of the sensors , for example , from pressure sensors and vibration sensors and provides legitimate code , which is still running during the attack , with false input .
And believe it or not , these fake input data are <unk> by Stuxnet .
It 's like in Hollywood movies where , during theft , the security camera is fed <unk> video .
Is that cool ?
The idea here is obviously not just going to blow the operators into the room .
It 's really much more dangerous and aggressive .
The idea is <unk> a digital security system .
We need digital security systems where a human operator could n't be fast .
For example , in a power plant , when a big steam turbine goes off , you 've got to open <unk> valves in a millisecond .
Obviously , this can not make a human operator .
That 's where we need digital security systems .
And when they 're engaged , then you can go through bad things .
The plant can exploit .
And it 's not the <unk> and the security system you 'll notice .
That scares it .
But it can be worse .
What I 'm going to say is very important .
Think about this . This attack is generic .
It has nothing to do , specifically , with <unk> , with <unk> uranium .
It could work too , for example , on a power plant , or in a automotive factory .
It 's generic .
And you do n't have -- like attacker -- that disseminate this load of a USB key , as we saw in the case of Stuxnet .
You could also use conventional <unk> technology .
Let 's go as much as possible .
And if you did that , what you did is , you know , with a <unk> of mass destruction .
That 's the consequence we need to face .
Unfortunately , the biggest number of goals for such attacks is not in the Middle East .
It 's in the United States and Japan .
All the green areas are spaces with large numbers .
We have to deal with the consequences , and better than we 're starting to prepare now .
Thank you .
Chris Anderson : I have a question .
Ralph , you 've done public on many sides that people assume that <unk> is the main entity behind this .
What is your opinion ?
Ralph <unk> : Okay , you really want to hear this ?
Yeah . Okay .
My view is that <unk> is involved , but the engine is not Israel .
The motor behind this is cyber superpower .
There 's one single one , and that 's the United States , fortunately , fortunately .
Because otherwise our problems would be even bigger .
CA : Thank you for <unk> . Thank you , Ralph .
I want you to imagine a robot that can take you and give it <unk> skills , or another one that makes chairs out of the wheels and go back to walk .
In <unk> <unk> , we call these robots , exoskeletons .
They 're not different from something that 's put in the morning , it gives you a big force , which also increases your speed , and help you , for example , to manage the balance .
It 's actually the true integration of man and machine .
But not only that -- it can integrate it and connect it to the universe and with other foreign enterprises .
This is not an unreal idea .
So to show you now what we 're working on , we started talking about the American soldier who , on average , has to take on their back a <unk> load , and they 're allowed to take even more equipment .
Obviously , this leads to some important complications -- lesions in the back , in 30 percent of the soldiers -- with chronic damage .
We decided to consider this challenge and create a exoskeleton that could help manage the issue .
Let me introduce you to the <unk> -- or I 'm going to give you a Universal Universal Universal
Soldier : With the exoskeleton <unk> , I can carry 90 kilos for a lot of variables for many hours .
Its flexible design , enables it to put on a lot of crawling and run movements with great agility .
I want to do what I want to do , or where I want to go , and then raise my strength and my resistance .
<unk> <unk> : We 're ready , with our industrial partner , to produce this device , this new exoskeleton , this year .
So it 's a reality .
Let 's go back to the users of chairs , about what I 'm particularly passionate about .
There are 68 million people about , in chairs , around the world .
Like one percent of the total population .
And this is a really conservative calculation .
We talk about something that happens very often , very young people , with damage to the backbone of their life -- to the 20 , 30 or 40 years -- they collide against a wall and the wheelchair turns out to be their only choice .
We also talk about the population growing up to them quickly .
Their only option , many times -- for a cerebral injury or some other complication -- it 's the wheelchair .
And this has been this way for the last 500 years , from its successful onset , as I have to recognize .
So we decided to start by writing a new chapter about mobility .
Let me introduce you to the <unk> that is using Amanda <unk> who 19 years ago had an injury in the spinal cord , and as a result of it could n't go back for 19 years , so far .
Amanda <unk> : Thank you .
EB : Amanda is using our <unk> , that I mentioned .
It has some sensors .
It 's completely <unk> on crutches that send signals on board on board , here in the back .
There 's also a little battery that gives the engines on hips , and on the knees , and they make it move forward with this soft and very natural gait .
AB : I was in the top of my life at the top of my life when , for a stranger jump in the air , ski costs down <unk> .
In a fraction of a second , I lost all feeling and all the movement of the pelvis down .
Shortly after , a doctor walked into my hospital in the hospital , and he said , `` Amanda , you 'll never walk back . ''
That happened 19 years ago .
So I stole up to the last piece of hope of my self .
<unk> technology since then , has allowed me to learn at <unk> costs in <unk> , climbing rocks and even riding on a hand bike .
But they have n't invented anything that allowed me to walk , so far .
Thank you .
EB : As you can see , we have the technology , we have the platforms for sitting there and talk to you .
It 's in our hands , and we have all the potential here to change life to future generations -- not only of soldiers , but Amanda , and all the users of chairs , everybody .
AB : Thank you .
I 've just returned from a community that has the secret to human survival .
It 's a place where women have the baton , they practice sex to say hello , and the game is the order of the day -- where fun is serious .
And no , it 's not the festival of Man <unk> or San Francisco .
Ladies and gentlemen , you know their cousins .
This is the world of the Western bonobos of Congo forests .
The bonobos are , along with chimpanzees , their closest living relatives .
That means we all share a common ancestor , an evolutionary grandmother , who lived about six million years ago .
Now the chimps are known for their assault .
But unfortunately , we 've done very emphasis on this aspect in our narratives of human evolution .
But the bonobos show us the other side of the coin .
Whereas the chimps are dominated by large , frightening , the Bonobo Bonobo is in charge of females with power .
These guys have created something special , because this leads to a very tolerant society where lethal violence has still has n't been observed .
But unfortunately , the bonobos are the least <unk> of the great apes .
They live in the depths of the <unk> jungle , and it 's been very difficult to study them .
The Congo is a paradox -- a land of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty , but also the heart of <unk> itself -- stage of a violent conflict that has been spent for decades and caused almost as many deaths as the First World War .
It 's no wonder that this destruction will also put in danger of the Bonobo 's survival .
The commercial meat trade and deforestation do that you ca n't fill in a stadium with the bonobos that remain in the world -- and honestly , we 're not sure about it .
Yet on this land of violence and chaos , you can hear the laughter hidden by <unk> trees .
Who are these cousins ?
We know them like apes , not war , not war , because they have frequent sex , <unk> and bisexual to drive conflict and solve social problems .
I 'm not saying that this is the solution to all of the problems of humanity , because the Bonobo 's life is more than <unk> <unk> .
The bonobos , as humans , love to play throughout their entire life .
Play is not just a child 's game .
For us , the game is fundamental to establish bonds and encourage tolerance .
With him , we learn to trust , and we learn the game rules .
Play increases creativity and resilience and has to do with the generation of diversity -- diversity of interactions , diversity of behaviors , diversity diversity .
And when you look at the Bonobo Bonobo sees the same evolutionary roots , the dance and human ritual .
The game is the glue that unites us .
I do n't know how to play you , but I want to show you a couple of unique videos taken from the wild .
First , it 's a Bonobo ball game , and I 'm not talking about football .
Here 's a female and a young male male in the middle of a persecution .
Look at what she 's doing .
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase , `` It 's got it from the balls . ''
I just think in this case he loves it , right ?
Yeah .
So the sex game is common as much in bonobos as well as humans .
And this video really is interesting because it shows you -- this video really is interesting because it shows the invention of bringing unusual elements of the game -- like <unk> and also how play requires trust and promotes trust -- and at the same time it 's more fun .
But the game is <unk> .
The game is <unk> , it can take up a lot of shapes , some of which are more high , imaginative , curious -- maybe the place where the wonder is going to be .
And I want you to look at -- this is <unk> , a young female , who 's playing with water leisurely .
I think , as she , sometimes played alone , and explore the limits of our inner worlds and outside .
And it 's that playful curiosity that drives us to explore , and then the unexpected connections that we formed are the actual <unk> of creativity .
These are just small samples of the understanding that Bonobos give us our past and present .
But they also have a secret for our future , a future where we have to adapt to a increasingly difficult world of creativity and greater cooperation .
The secret is that play is the key to these capabilities .
In other words , play is our <unk> <unk> .
To adapt to a world that changes we have to play .
But do we gain the best our ability to play ?
The game is not frivolous .
The game is essential .
To bonobos and humans equally , life is not just cruel and ruthless .
When it looks at the least appropriate game , you can be the moments in which it 's the most urgent .
That 's why , fellow primates , let 's accept this gift of evolution and play together as you get creativity , friendship and wonder .
Thank you .
In New York , I 'm responsible for a nonprofit organization called Robin Hood .
When I 'm not fighting poverty , <unk> fires as a captain 's assistant in a volunteer fire fire .
And in our city , where volunteers citizens have a highly qualified staff to get to the fire site very soon to enter into action .
I remember my first fire .
I was the second volunteer on the site , so I had a pretty high probability of going .
But still there was a career on foot against the other volunteers to get to the captain and figure out what our task was .
When I found the captain , I was <unk> in a conversation with his ear that certainly went through one of the worst days of his life .
We were in full night , she was standing outside in the rain , under an umbrella , in the pajamas , barefoot , while his house was on fire .
The other volunteer I had just reached before I was , <unk> <unk> <unk> came up to the captain , first to the captain and he asked him to fit in and save the dog 's dog .
The dog ! I was clapping . ' ''
There was a lawyer or <unk> of money that , during the rest of his life , I would have to tell the people who entered a burning building to save a living being just because I won for five seconds .
Well , I was the next .
The captain made me a <unk> .
He said , `` Bezos , I need to go between the house .
I need to climb , I 'll put the fire , and she brings this woman a pair of shoes . ''
I swear .
It was n't exactly what I expected , but I went on the stairs , at the end of the hall , went to the <unk> fire , ' that at that height , I was just finished to turn off the fire and entered the main room for a pair of shoes .
I know what you 're thinking , but I 'm not a hero .
I took my load back through the staircase where I met my <unk> and the beautiful dog on the front door .
We get out of the house , the treasures for the home owner where , as I was waiting , his treasure received much more attention than mine .
A few weeks later , the department received a letter from the home owner of the house by the fearless of effort proven to save their house .
The kindness that she looked at on the other was that someone had reached a couple of shoes .
Both of my calling in Robin Hood , as in my calling as my calling as a volunteer fireman I 'm witness to a monumental scale , but it also acts of grace and courage to the individual level .
And you know what I 've learned ?
Everything has its importance .
So when I look at this room , people who have been able to do , or are because of making , remarkable remarkable levels I 'd like to remind you of this : do n't wait .
Do n't wait for the first million million to make a difference in somebody 's life .
If you have something to give , let 's go .
Get food in a dining room , <unk> a park park .
They 're mentors .
Not every day we 're going to have the opportunity to save someone 's life , but every day we 're going to be able to influence someone 's lives .
So you trained the game ; they 'll get the shoes .
Thank you .
Bruno Giussani : Mark , Mark , comes back .
Mark Bezos : Thank you .
This may seem strange , but I 'm a big fan of the concrete block .
The first of the concrete blocks they built into diagnosed with a very simple idea : cement modules of a fixed measure that fit each other .
Very quickly , these became the most used construction unit in the world .
They have allowed us to build bigger things than we , like buildings or bridges , a brick at a time .
Essentially , these blocks have become the pillars of our time .
Almost a hundred years later , in 1947 , she came up in 1947 .
He called it a brick of the automatic assembly .
And in a few years , the LEGO bricks came to all homes .
It 's estimated that there 's been over 400 billion or 75 or 75 blocks per person on the planet .
You do n't have to be an engineer to build beautiful bridges , buildings or houses .
LEGO made it accessible .
LEGO simply took the block of concrete , the favorite in the world , and turned it into a fundamental piece of our imagination .
Meanwhile , exactly that same year , in the Bell labs , the next revolution was about to <unk> : the new building block .
The transistor was a little plastic unit that would take us from a <unk> world piled on each other to a world where everything was interactive .
Like the concrete block , the transistor allows you to create much bigger circuits and more complex , a brick at a time .
But there 's a main difference : the transistor was just for experts .
I personally do n't accept that , that the building blocks of our time are reserved for experts , so I decided to change it .
Eight years ago , when I was at the Media Lab , I began to explore the idea of bringing engineers to the hands of artists and designers .
A few years ago , I started developing <unk> .
Let me show you how they work .
<unk> are electronic modules each with a specific function .
They 're <unk> to be light , sound , motors and sensors .
And the best of all is that they attach through magnets .
So you ca n't put it wrong .
The bricks have a color code .
The green is the output , the blue is the stream , the pink is the input and the orange one is the wire .
So you only have to assemble a blue with a green one , and you can very quickly start to make bigger circuits .
A blue with a green one make light .
We can put a button in the middle , and we have a regulator .
If we change the button by a pulse module , it 's here , and now we have a light signal .
And we would take this doorbell to create more impact , and we have a noise machine .
I 'm going to stop this .
So beyond the simple game , <unk> are actually very powerful .
Instead of having to program , connect and screw , <unk> allows us to program using some very simple intuitive gestures .
To make blink faster or slower , you just turn this button to make the pulse faster or slower .
The idea behind <unk> is that it 's an increasing collection .
We want all the interactions in the world to get rid of bricks ready to use .
<unk> , sounds , solar panels -- everything should be accessible .
We 've given <unk> to the kids to see them play with them .
And it 's been an incredible experience .
The best thing is how they start to understand the electronics of every day that you do n't learn in schools .
For example , how it works a light at night , or why the door of an elevator is kept open , or how an iPod responds to touch .
We 've also led to design schools .
So , for example , designers without any experience in electronics start playing with <unk> as a material .
Here you can see , with paper bottles and felt , we have <unk> .
( metallic noise ) ago , we had <unk> the designers from the Rhode Island School of Design , which has no experience in engineering , just in cardboard and wood and paper and said , `` Make something . ''
Here 's an example of a project that you 've done , a handshake <unk> that 's turned on .
But wait , here comes my favorite project .
It 's a locust <unk> that is afraid of darkness .
For these no engineers , <unk> became another material , electronics became another material .
And we want this material to be all the rest of it .
So <unk> has open source .
You can visit the website , download all the design files and manufacture them .
We want to encourage a world of creators , inventors and collaborators , because this world we live in , this interactive world , is ours .
So go ahead and invent .
Thank you .
I 'm going to tell you today about unexpected discoveries today .
I work in the solar technology industry .
And my little company is looking for engaging in the environment .
distributed collaboration .
This is a little video of what we do .
Hmm . Wait a moment .
You can take a little bit to charge .
We can -- we can continue to better leave the video at one side .
No .
This is not ...
All right .
The solar technology is ...
Oh , I 'm going to be given the time ?
All right . Thank you very much .
A couple of years ago , I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and technicians for them to take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything you 're supposed to do ; we asked them to work in government .
The initiative was called <unk> for America , and they would be like a <unk> of Peace .
We 've collected some members every year and we put them to work with the municipalities .
Instead of sending them to the Third World , we send them the wild municipal world .
They made large applications ; they worked with the municipal employees .
Your task is to show the possibilities of today 's technology .
Think about Al .
It 's a fire hydrant in Boston .
And here 's how you look at a quote , but what it really looks for is somebody to clean it when it 's caught up by the snow , because it knows that it 's not very good <unk> when it 's covered in a meter of snow .
How did it get help in this particular way ?
Last year in Boston , we had a team of members of <unk> for America .
They were there in February and at that time it lasted a lot of last year .
And they realized that the city never wiped these hydrants .
But one of the members called Erik <unk> noticed something else : that citizens were standing with shovels and sidewalks right in front of them .
So it did as a good programmer , I developed an app .
It 's a nice app that you can take on a fire hydrant .
You agree to clean up when you get to .
When you do that , you put a name , in this case he put it up .
If you do n't , somebody can <unk> .
I mean , it has a playful component .
It 's a modest app .
Maybe the smallest of the 21 applications programmed last year .
But something no other technology of the government does .
It spreads viral .
A responsible deal of the city of town in Honolulu to see this app realized that it could use it , not for snow , but for citizens to have <unk> <unk> .
It 's very important that to work these <unk> <unk> , but people steal the batteries .
That 's why he asks the citizens to control them .
And then Seattle decided to use it to make the citizens <unk> .
And Chicago has just been able to make people sit in order to clean up sidewalks when they were <unk> .
So we now know nine cities that plan to use it .
And this has been spread without friction , organic and natural .
If you know a little bit of government technology , you know this does n't normally happen .
The software acquisition usually takes a couple of years .
Last year in Boston had a team working on a project that took three people for two and a half months .
It was a tool that parents could choose the best public school for their children .
Then they told us that that the normal channels would have taken at least two years and two million dollars .
And that 's nothing .
Now there 's a project in the power of California that the time has two million dollars and does n't work .
And there are projects like this at every level of governance .
So an app that you show in a couple of days and it spreads viral is a kind of warning shot to the institution of government .
It suggests the better government of working , not like private companies , as many people think it should be .
Not as a technological company , but rather like the Internet itself .
I mean , without restrictions , in open and generative form .
And that 's important .
But the most important thing about this app is that it represents a way to tackle the question of government , not as a problem of a collective institution but as a collective action problem .
And that 's really good because it turns out we 're very good for collective action with digital technology .
And there 's a very large community of people who are building the tools to work together with efficacy .
And it 's not only <unk> for America , but there are hundreds of people around the country that contribute to civic applications every day in their own communities .
They have n't given up with the government .
They have a great frustration when they do n't complain but do n't complain about it .
And these people know something that we 've lost from sight .
And it 's that if we left side to the politics of politics , line in the <unk> -- and all of those other things that you 're going to get crazy , the government is essentially in the words of Tim <unk> : `` What we do together because we do n't can . ''
Now a lot of people have abandoned the government .
If you 're one of those people , I would ask you to be <unk> , because things are changing .
Politics does n't change ; the government does .
And because the government ultimately made out of us -- they remember that from `` We , '' how to think about it will affect the way we produce change .
I did n't know much about government when I started with this .
And as many people thought the government was to choose people to take charges .
Well , after two years I 've come to the conclusion that the government is mostly about <unk> .
This is the office care center of services and information .
It 's the place that serves the calls if you quit America .
Scott <unk> this call .
He entered the official knowledge base .
I found nothing . It started with animal control .
And finally he said , `` Hey , you can open the doors of the house , put it good hard and see if you go ? ''
And it worked . So Scott .
But that was n't the end of the <unk> .
Boston does n't have a call center .
It has an app , the web and a mobile phone called <unk> <unk> .
I do n't know that application .
It was the work of very smart people from the State of New York City City .
One day , this actually happened , comes this request : `` <unk> in my garbage cube . I do n't know if it 's dead .
How do I do to leave you ? ''
<unk> dynamic is different .
Scott was talking in person .
In <unk> <unk> , everything is public , so you can all see this .
In this case , he saw a neighbor .
The next report said , `` I went up to the place , found the garbage bucket behind the house .
<unk> ? Yes . lived ? Yes .
I turned the cube . I went home .
Good evening , sweet <unk> . ''
Quite simple .
This is great . It 's the confluence of digital and physical .
And it 's also a great example of the government 's income to the distributed volunteer collaboration .
But it 's also a great example of government as a platform .
And here I do n't necessarily mean the definition of the platform .
I 'm talking about a platform for people to get married and help others .
So , a citizen helped another , but here the government had a key role .
connected two people .
And it could have connected to the government services of being needed , but the neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper than government services .
When a neighbor help another one , <unk> the communities .
If we call the animal control , it costs a lot of money .
One important thing that we need to think about the government is that it 's not the same as politics .
A lot of people understand it , but you think you 're the other thing .
That our entry to the government system is voting .
How many times have you chosen a political leader ? We sometimes spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader , and then we hope that the government reflects our values and <unk> our needs , but then we do n't see changes .
That 's because the government is like an immense ocean , and politics is the <unk> surface layer .
Underneath it is what we call bureaucracy .
And we say that word with a lot of contempt .
But it 's that contempt of what 's keeping us out of that that we 've funded as something that operates on our own , that other thing , and therefore we 're losing power .
People think politics is sensual .
If we want this institution to work , we 'll have to make the bureaucracy sexy .
Because that 's where the real government work occurs .
We have to collaborate with the machinery of governance .
That 's the <unk> movement .
Have you seen them ?
It 's a group of citizens concerned that they 've written a very detailed report in response to the answer of the <unk> : the Financial reform project .
That 's not political activism , it 's bureaucratic activism .
And for those of us who have been asking for the government , it 's time for us to ask questions about what world we want to leave our children .
You have to see the enormous challenges that they will have to face .
Do you really believe that we 'll get to where we have to go without solving the institution that can act on behalf of all ?
We ca n't get government funding , we need to be more effective .
The good news is that with technology is possible to rethink the function of governance so that it can expand exposure to civil society .
There 's a generation that grew up with the Internet , and it knows that it 's not that hard to act <unk> , you only have to articulate the systems in the right way .
The average age of our members is 28 years old , so I , `` I 'm a bigger generation than many of them . ''
This is a generation that has grown up with the word and doing that almost for granted .
They 're not giving that battle that we all face about who 's going to talk about -- everybody 's going to talk .
They can express your opinions at any channel at the same time and they do it .
So when they face the government problem , they do n't care much to make their voices .
They 're using your hands .
They set out the work to program applications that do better to the government .
And those applications allow us to use our hands to improve our communities .
It can be wiping out a fire hydrant , taking off weeds and dumping a garbage cube that has a <unk> inside .
Of course , we could always have cleaned up those fire hydrants and a lot of people .
But these applications are kind of a fingerprint of that we are not only consumers , we are not only a government consumer we are paying taxes and we get services .
We are more than that : we 're citizens .
And we 're not going to fix the government until we do n't ignore citizenship .
So I want to ask everyone here , when it comes to the important things that we need to do together , all together , will be a crowd of voices , or will we be a swarm of hands ?
Thank you .
This is for me a real honor .
I 've spent most of the time in jails and prisons and death row .
I spent most of my life in <unk> communities , in projects and places where there is a lot of despair .
And I 'll be here at TED watching and hearing these stimuli has given me a lot of energy .
One of the things I 've noticed in this short time , is that TED has identity .
And the things that are told here , they have impact around the world .
Sometimes , if something comes from TED , it makes a sense and a force that would n't have otherwise .
I mean , I think identity is important to be important .
We 've seen fantastic presentations .
And I think we 've learned that words of a teacher can make a lot of sense , but if you 're taught with feeling , they can have a special meaning .
A doctor can do good , <unk> things if it 's <unk> , it can achieve much more .
So I want to talk about the power of identity .
I did n't really learn this in the practice of the right , my job .
I learned this from my grandmother .
I grew up in a traditional African-American family , dominated by a matriarch , which was my grandmother .
It was tough , it was strong , he had power .
It was the last word in the family .
She initiated a lot of the <unk> in our home .
It was a daughter of people who had been slaves .
His parents were born in slavery in Virginia .
She was born about 1880 and his experience with slavery with the way the world sees .
She was hard , but she was also loving .
When I was small and I looked at it , she was approaching me and I was a good hug .
I was so hard that I could barely breathe , and then I would get away .
One or two hours later , I would go back to look at it , and he would say , `` Are you going to say , `` Are you still feeling my hug ? ''
And if I told him no , I take it back , and if I said yes , I was left in peace .
He had this human quality that would always want to be close to it .
The only problem is that I had 10 children .
My mother was lower than 10 .
Occasionally , when I was going to spend a time with her , it was n't easy to capture his time and her attention .
My cousins were running around .
I remember when I was eight nine years old , I woke up one morning , I went to the room , and they were running all my cousins .
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and looked at me .
At first I thought I was a game .
So he looked at him and smiles , but she was very serious .
After 15 minutes , she got up , she got up , went through the room , took me out of my hand and said , `` You see <unk> . You 're two going to talk . ''
I remember this as if it was yesterday .
I will never forget it .
He took me out and said , `` You know , I 'll tell you something , but you ca n't tell anybody . ''
I said , `` Okay , Mama . ''
She said , `` Now I 'm going to argue you wo n't . '' I said , `` Sure . ''
And then I sat down , and he looked at me and said , `` I want you to know I 've been watching . ''
And he said , `` I think you 're special . ''
He said , `` I think you can do whatever you want . ''
I will never forget it .
Then he said to me , `` I just want you to take me three things , you know . ''
I said , `` Sure , Mama . ''
And he said , `` The first thing I want you to do is you always want your mother . ''
He said , `` She 's my <unk> , and you have to pretend that I always <unk> . ''
As I loved my mom , I said , `` Yes , I 'll do it . ''
Then he said to me , `` The second thing I want you to do is you 're always going to make the right thing even though the right thing is hard . ''
I thought , and I said , `` Yes , you 're going to do it . ''
Then , finally he said , `` The third thing I want you to tell me is that you never have alcohol . ''
I was nine years old , and I said , `` Yeah , I 'll do it . ''
I grew up in the field , in the rural South , I 've got a brother a older year and a sister a younger year .
When I was 14 15 , my brother came home with a <unk> packet , I do n't know where he pulled it out , grabbed my sister and I went to my own .
We just got to do the madness .
He took a sip of beer , he offered my sister , she took a little bit and offered me .
I said , `` No , no , no . You go on , but I 'm not going to get beer . ''
My brother said , `` Come on . Today you 'll do it . And you always do the same thing as us .
I 've taken something , your sister too . Take a beer . ''
I said , `` No . I would n't feel good . You can go on . ''
Then my brother looked at me .
And he said , `` What 's wrong with you ? Take a beer . ''
He turned to me , and he went on , `` Oh , not being you 're thinking about the conversation with Mama . ''
I said , `` What are you talking about ? ''
He said , `` Mama , you tell all the grandchildren that are special . ''
I was broken .
I have to admit to you .
I 'll tell you something I probably should n't say .
I know this will spread widely .
But I 'm 52 years old and I can admit I 've never taken a drop of alcohol .
I 'm not saying this , thinking , it 's a virtue of virtue ; I mean by the power of identity .
When we create the right kind of identity , we say things to others who actually do n't see it sense .
We ca n't get them to do things that do n't believe to be able to do .
I think my grandmother naturally believed that all of his grandchildren were special .
My grandfather had been prisoner during the ban .
My uncles died of age-related diseases .
And these were the things that , according to her , we had to engage .
Now , I 'll try to talk about our criminal justice system .
This country is today very different than it was 40 years ago .
In 1972 , there were 300,000 prisoners .
Today , there 's 2.3 million .
In the United States , we have the largest incarceration rate in the world .
We have seven million people in freedom .
And this massive incarceration , in my opinion , has fundamentally changed our world .
They are poor or black communities , so much despair , so much despair , determined by these facts .
One in three black men between 18 and 30 years is in jail or freedom .
In urban <unk> across the country , the Los Angeles , Philadelphia , Baltimore , Washington , from 50 to 60 percent of all the color who are in jail or freedom .
Our system is not just distorted in front of race , it 's also about poverty .
In this country , we have a criminal system that 's much better about if you 're rich and guilty , if you 're poor and innocent .
It 's not guilt , but wealth is what makes the results .
And it seems to be very quiet to us .
The politics of fear and anger makes us believe that these are not problems our own .
We are disconnected .
It seems interesting to me .
We 're looking at our work some very curious developments .
In my state , in Alabama , as well as other states , they will be diagnosed forever if you have a criminal conviction .
Right now in Alabama , 34 percent of the black male population has definitely lost the right to vote .
And if we projected it to the next 10 years , the level of loss of rights to be so high as it was before the law of the right to vote .
We have this amazing silence .
I represent children .
Many of my clients are very young .
America is the only country in the world where it was sentencing to age 13 years to die in prison .
We have in this country jail for children , no possibility of getting out .
We are now in the process of some litigation .
The only country in the world .
I play people in death row .
This business penalty issue is interesting .
In some sense , have they been reluctant to think that the final question is , people deserve to die by <unk> <unk> ?
A very sensitive question .
But you can think of another way about how we 're in our identity .
There 's another way to look at it : it 's not about deciding whether people deserve to die by crimes , but , if we deserve to kill .
This is interesting .
The death penalty in America is defined by error .
From every nine executed people , it has identified one that 's innocent , which is innocent and liberated from death row .
A error of error , amazing , an innocent one in every nine .
This is interesting .
In aviation , it would not allow you to fly airplanes for every nine to take away , one would have been crashing .
But we somehow cut off the problem .
It 's not our problem .
It 's not our burden .
It 's not our struggle .
I talk a lot about these things .
I 'm talking about race and this issue of whether we deserve to kill .
It 's interesting that in my classes with students in African-American history , I talk about slavery .
I talk about terrorism , the time that started at the end of the reconstruction and lasted for the Second World War .
We really do n't know much about this .
But for black Americans in this country , it was a little defined by terror .
In many communities , people were afraid to be <unk> .
They were worried to be bombarded .
The threat of terror was what defined their lives .
Now there are older people who get closer to me and say , `` Mr. Stevenson , you 'll teach talks , make speeches . Tell the people who stop saying that in our history we deal for the first time with terrorism , after the <unk> . ''
They ask me to say , `` No . Say we grew up with that . ''
The era of terrorism continued , obviously , with segregation and decades of passive racial and decades .
In this country , we have a dynamic because we do n't like to talk about our problems .
We do n't like to talk about our story .
And that 's why we have n't understood the meaning of what we 've historically done .
All the time <unk> each other .
We constantly create tensions and conflict .
It costs us to talk about races , I think , because we 're not willing to engage with a process of truth and reconciliation .
In South Africa , people understood that we could n't overcome apartheid without a compromise with truth and reconciliation .
In Rwanda , even before the genocide had this commitment , but in this country we have n't done it .
I was in Germany giving conferences on death row .
It was fascinating , because one of the teachers stood after my presentation and said , `` You know it 's good enough to hear what you say . ''
<unk> : `` We have no death penalty in Germany .
We would never be able to have it here . ''
The room was silent and a lady said , `` There 's no way in our history , we can never get into the systematic death of humans .
It would be irrational that we , intentional and deliberately started to run people . ''
It 's about this .
How would we feel in a world where a nation like Germany , would avoid people , especially if they were in their most Jews ?
We could n't tolerate it .
It would be irrational .
And yet , there is this disconnect .
I think our identity is in danger .
If we actually do n't care about these things so hard , positive and wonderful things are , however , involved .
We love innovation .
We 're fascinated by technology . Let 's get creativity .
We love entertainment .
But lately , those realities are <unk> by suffering , abuse , degradation , <unk> .
In my opinion , it 's necessary to integrate both of these things .
We talk lately about the need for more hope , more engagement , more dedication with the basic challenges of the world 's life .
I think that does that mean spending more time thinking and talking about the poor , the <unk> , the ones who never come to TED .
If you think about them is , in a way , something that 's inside our self .
It 's true that we have to believe in issues we have n't seen .
That 's how we are so rational , so committed to the intellectual .
So with innovation , with creativity , development comes not only from brain ideas .
These things come from hard ideas for the convictions .
So this connection of the mind with the heart is what drives us to look at not just the bright and dazzling , but also in the dark and the hard .
Elizabeth <unk> , the great Czech leader , talked about this .
He said , `` When we were in Eastern Europe suffering , we wanted all kinds of things , but mainly what we needed was hope , <unk> for the spirit , a will to be in places of despair and witness . ''
Well , that orientation for the spirit is pretty much at the heart of what I think , even in communities like TED , should engage us .
There 's no disconnect related to technology and design , that allowed us to be truly human if we did n't pay it to poverty , to exclusion , inequality , injustice .
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts make a much more challenging identity than if we look at these things .
So we go back to find them .
I had the great privilege , being a very young lawyer , to meet Rosa Parks .
These women were met simply to speak .
Occasionally , the ma'am <unk> call me , to say , `` <unk> , comes the lady Parks . We 're going to get together to speak .
Do you want to come and listen ? ''
I said , `` Yes ma'am . I know . ''
So she said , `` Well , what are you going to do when you come ? ''
And I said , `` <unk> . ''
So I was going and I just heard them .
It was a very <unk> , <unk> thing .
And on one occasion , I was there , listening to these ladies , and after a couple of hours , Ms. Parks led to me and said , `` Now , I 'm going to tell you that it 's that idea of equal justice .
Tell me what you 're trying to do . ''
And I started to give my speech .
I said , `` Well , we 're trying to question injustice .
We try to help those who have been wrongfully convicted .
We try to confront the prejudice and discrimination in the criminal justice administration .
We try to end up with the sentences for life , without parole for children .
We try to do something about death penalty .
We try to reduce the population in jails .
We 're trying to end up with massive numbers . ''
I gave it all my best speech , and I just looked at me and said , `` Hmm , mmm . ''
And he said , `` <unk> exhausted , exhausted . ''
At that moment , Mrs. <unk> leaned , and put his finger in the face and said , `` That 's why you have to be very , very brave . ''
I think that actually , the TED community has to be much more <unk> .
We have to figure out how to deal with those challenges , those problems , that suffering .
Because finally humanity depends on compassion for others .
I 've learned some very simple things in my work .
I 've been educated in simple things .
I 've come to understand and to believe that each one of us is superior to the worst that we have ever made .
I think that 's true for everybody on the planet .
I 'm convinced that if someone says a lie , it 's not because it 's a liar .
I 'm sure if someone takes something that does n't belong , it 's not that it 's a burglar .
Even if somebody kills another , it 's not a murderer .
So I think there 's a basic dignity in people who must be respected by the law .
I also think that in many parts of this country , and certainly in many parts of the world , the opposite of poverty is not wealth .
That 's not .
I really think that in many parts the opposite of poverty is justice .
And finally , I think that even though it 's very dramatic , very beautiful , very <unk> , very <unk> , we do n't judge our technology , by our designs , or our intellectual capacity or rational .
At the end , they judge the character of a society , not in the way the rich , powerful and privileged , but in the way the poor deal , people , prisoners , prisoners .
Because it 's in this context as we start to understand truly profound issues about what we are .
I 'm sometimes broken . I 'll end with a story .
I sometimes make too much force .
<unk> tired , like everybody .
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my stories in an important way .
I 've been representing these guys that have been convicted of them .
I 'm going to jail , and I see my clients in 13 and 14 years old , who have been hacked for them as adults as adults .
And I start thinking , how can it be ?
How can a judge give you a judge in what is n't it ?
The judge is <unk> as an adult , but I see a child .
One night very late , I was awake thinking -- God , if the judge can turn you into something you 're not , you must have magical powers .
Yes , <unk> , the judge has magical powers .
You should ask for some of that .
As I was too late , I could n't think correctly , but I started working on a <unk> .
He had a 14 year-old customer , small , black , black .
I started working on <unk> , with a <unk> who said , `` <unk> for my 14 year-old client to be treated as a privileged to 75 years , executive in a corporation . ''
In the <unk> I put there , there had been improper conduct in the accusation , in police behavior and in the process .
There was a bold line about how in this country there is no ethics , but a lack of ethics .
The next morning , I woke up thinking that <unk> would be a dream , or I actually wrote it ?
For my horror , not only had it <unk> , but he had sent it to court .
It took about two months , I had forgotten .
And I finally decided -- God , I have to go to court for this stupid case .
I got into the car and I felt really overwhelmed , overwhelmed .
I went on the car to court .
I thought this would be very difficult and pitiful .
I finally fell off the car . I walked on the court .
I was going up the stairs when I found a big black man ; it was a courthouse .
When he saw me , he came up to me and said , `` Who is you ? ''
I said , `` I 'm a lawyer , '' he replied , `` Is it a lawyer ? '' I said yes .
So I got approached and hugged me .
And I whispered into the ear .
He said , `` I 'm proud of you . ''
I have to tell you now that that was <unk> .
It connected deeply with me , with my identity with the ability that we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope .
Well , I went into the audience of audiences .
When I go into , the judge saw me .
And he said , `` Mr. Stevenson , you wrote this bold <unk> ? ''
I said , `` Yes Mr. left , '' and we started to argue .
People started getting . They were all mad .
I was the one that had written those crazy things .
They got the police prosecutors , the auxiliary .
Suddenly , without knowing how , the room was full of people . They 're all furious , because we were talking about races , because we talked about poverty , because we talked about inequality .
With the <unk> of the eye , I got to see when I went and came .
I looked at the window and let it hear all of that <unk> .
I kept walking over here and there .
Finally , this old black man , with the face of concern , entered the room and sat behind me , almost at the lawyers table .
About 10 minutes later , the judge spends a break .
During the break an assistant from the <unk> , he was upset because having entered the room .
The assistant <unk> over the old black black .
And he said , `` Jimmy , what do you do in the audience of audiences ? ''
And the old black stood up , he looked at the assistant , looked at the assistant , looked at me and said , `` I went into this audience of audiences to tell this young man who keeps his sight in the ambition of such a degree . ''
I 've come to TED today because I think many of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is very big , but it folds towards justice .
We can not be truly human beings if we do n't care about human rights and for dignity .
That our survival is linked to others .
That our visions of technology , design , entertainment and creativity must bind to brotherhood , compassion and justice .
And above all , those of the people here who share this , I just want to tell you that keep the view in the ambition .
Thank you very much .
Chris Anderson : You just heard and see a clear desire in the audience , of this community , to help in your purposes of doing something .
Something that 's not a check . What can we do ?
<unk> : There are several opportunities nearby .
If you live in the state of California , for example , there will be a <unk> this spring in which you 're going to do an effort to make the funding that you spend today in punishment policy .
For example , here in California , you 're going to spend a billion dollars on the death penalty , in the next five years , a billion dollars .
And despite this , 46 percent of the murder cases do n't go into arrests .
56 percent of rapes do n't get at all .
Here 's a chance of change .
This <unk> is going to propose that these funds are going to make the law enforcement , the security .
I think there 's a very close opportunity there .
CA : There 's been a huge decline in crime in the United States , in the last three decades .
Part of the explanation is that it has to do with the biggest rate of incarceration .
What would you say that you think is that ?
<unk> : Actually , the crime rate with violence has remained relatively stable .
The great growth in mass incarceration in this country is not by crimes with violence .
It 's because of the wrong war .
That 's why there 's this dramatic increase in the prison population .
And we let us tell us from punishment .
We have three legal causes to bring people to their lifespan , for stealing a bicycle , for little crimes against property , instead of making those resources to their victims .
I think we have to do more to help the victims of <unk> and not less .
It seems to me that our current philosophy of punishment does nothing for anyone .
I think that 's the orientation that has to change .
CA : <unk> , you 've been excited today .
You 're very inspiring .
Thank you very much for having come to TED . Thank you .
<unk> : They grow the threats for Bin Laden .
<unk> 2 : <unk> in Somalia . <unk> 3 : police toss .
<unk> 4 : <unk> <unk> . <unk> 5 : <unk> <unk> .
<unk> 6 : The social <unk> : 65 dead <unk> .
<unk> 8 : <unk> of tsunami , <unk> 9 : <unk> .
Several <unk> : War : <unk> destruction .
Recession . <unk> . Egypt , Syria .
Crisis . Death .
Oh , my God !
Peter Diamandis : So these are just some of the clips I got in the last six months , <unk> could be the last six days or the last six years .
The idea is that the media media prefer to <unk> negative news because our minds paid you .
And that responds to a very good reason .
In every second of every day , our senses are getting most data than the brain can process .
And as nothing matters to us more than to survive , the first stop all of that data is an ancient fragment of the temporal lobe called the amygdala .
The amygdala is our early warning detector , the danger detector .
<unk> and records all the information for something in the environment that could make harm .
That 's why a <unk> of stories would look at the negative .
That old saying of the press : `` If there 's blood , it sells , '' it 's very true .
And because all of the digital devices give us negative news about seven days of the week , 24 hours a day , it 's not surprising to be pessimistic .
It 's not surprising that people think that the world is going wrong .
But maybe not .
Maybe instead , what 's really happening is we get <unk> .
Maybe huge progress done in the last century by a series of forces is accelerating in such a way that we have the potential to create a world of abundance in the next three decades .
I 'm not saying that we do n't have our good problems : climate change , species extinction , water poverty and energy ; we do n't have them .
As human beings , we 're very good at taking the problems , and in the long , we have just done it .
Let 's look at what happened in the last century to see where we go .
In the last hundred years , the average of life has been more than doubled , average per capita income has tripled all over the world .
Child mortality has reduced 10 times .
Also , the cost of food , of electricity , transportation and communications , has fallen from 10 to 1,000 times .
Steve Pinker showed us that we are living the most peaceful time in human history .
And Charles Kenny that global literacy went from 25 percent to over 80 percent over the last 130 years .
We 're really living an extraordinary time .
A lot of people forget it .
And we continue to provide higher and higher expectations .
In fact , we redefined the meaning of poverty .
Think about it today in America , a lot of the people who live under the line of poverty have electricity , water , toilets , refrigerators , television , mobile , air conditioning , cars .
The <unk> <unk> of the past century , the <unk> of the planet , would never have dreamed of such luxuries .
It 's a lot of this technology and , lately , its exponential growth .
My good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that I could put in the information technology jumps into this curve , Moore 's Law , and doubling the yield price on about 12 to 24 months .
That 's why the mobile phone is a million times cheaper and a million times faster than a supercomputer from the '70s .
Now look at this curve .
It 's Moore 's Law for the last hundred years .
I want you to look at two things on this curve .
First , how soft it is -- in good and bad times , in war and peace , in the recession , in depression and the boom .
It 's the resulting computers used to build faster computers .
It does n't stop at any of the big challenges .
And even though it 's embedded in a law on the left , it curve goes up .
The growth rate of technology is getting faster and faster .
And in this curve , the Moore 's Law , there 's a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we have today .
The computation in the cloud , that my friends in Autodesk call infinite computation , sensors and networks , robotics , 3D printing and their ability to democratize and distribute personalized production around the planet , synthetic biology , the food , vaccines and food , digital medicine , nanomaterials and A.I . .
I mean , how many of you saw the victory on `` Jeopardy 's Jeopardy , '' IBM ?
It was epic .
I looked in the newspapers the best headline than there would be .
And I loved this one : `` Watson <unk> to human opponents . ''
`` Jeopardy '' is not an easy game .
Play with the nuances of human language .
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud , available for everyone on the cell phone .
Four years ago , here at TED , Ray Kurzweil and I , we launched a new university called <unk> University .
We teach these technologies to our students , and in particular , how they can be used to solve the big challenges of humanity .
And every year we asked them to release a company , or a product or service , which can positively affect the lives of a billion people in a decade .
Think about that , the fact that a group of students today can impact a billion people .
Thirty years ago , that would have absurd <unk> .
Today we can point out a <unk> of companies that have done it already .
When I think about creating abundance , it does n't mean creating fancy life for each of the planet ; it 's about creating a life of what 's possible .
It 's about taking that , which is scarce and making it plentiful .
You see , scarcity is contextual , and technology is a force that releases resources .
I 'll give you an example .
It 's a story of Napoleon three from the <unk> .
He 's the guy on the left .
He invited dinner the king of <unk> .
Napoleon 's troops ate out of silver , and the same Napoleon , covered in gold .
But the king of <unk> , she ate with aluminum covered .
You see , aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet ; it was more than the gold and platinum .
That 's why the tip of the Washington Monument is aluminum .
You see , even though aluminum is the 8.3 percent of the Earth 's mass , it does n't come as pure metal .
It 's tethered to oxygen and <unk> .
But then the <unk> came and made the aluminum thing so cheap that we use it as if it was <unk> .
Let 's take this analogy to the future .
Let 's think about energy scarcity .
Ladies and gentlemen , we 're on a <unk> planet for 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year .
They come to the Earth , 16 <unk> energy every day .
It 's not about scarcity , but affordability .
And there 's good news .
This year , for the first time , the cost of solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the one of the diesel of diesel : Red rupees versus 17 rupees .
The cost of solar energy fell 50 percent last year .
Last month , MIT published a study that shows that at the end of the decade , in the <unk> parts of the United States , solar electricity will cost six cents an hour compared to 15 cents from the national average .
And if we have abundance of energy , we have plenty of water .
So let 's talk about water wars .
Do you remember when Carl Sagan wrote the Voyager spacecraft to the Earth , in 1990 , then there were Saturn ?
You know , a famous picture . What was it called ?
`` A pale blue dot . ''
Because we live on a planet of water .
We live on a planet covered in 70 percent per water .
Yes , <unk> percent is saltwater , two percent is ice , and we fight for half percent of the water on the planet , but there 's also a hope .
It 's a technology that 's not in 10 years , but right now .
It comes to nanotechnology , nanomaterials .
In a conversation with Dean Kamen , this morning , one of the innovators in the <unk> -- I 'd like to share with you , gave me permission to do it -- your technology called <unk> <unk> -- <unk> is the size of a small refrigerator .
It 's able to generate 1,000 liters of drinking water to the day of any <unk> saltwater , polluted water , a <unk> for less than two cents the gallon .
The president of Coca-Cola has just laid out that a significant test for hundreds of these units in the developing world .
If that comes right , and I have full confidence in which this will be , Coca-Cola will implement it in <unk> countries .
So this is an innovation going on by this technology that exists today .
And we 've seen it in mobile phones .
My God , we 're going to get to the 70 percent penetration of mobile phones in the developing world for the end of 2013 .
Think about it , that mighty warrior has better mobile communications in the middle of Kenya than President Reagan does 25 years ago .
And , to count on a smart phone with Google , you have access to more knowledge and information that President Clinton 15 years ago .
He lives in a world of abundance of information and communications that nobody could have predicted ever .
Better than that , the things that you and I have paid dozens and hundreds of thousands of dollars <unk> , video video , images , books , books and music technology , <unk> now and lost market value with mobile phones .
Maybe the best arrived when it comes to health applications .
Last month , I had the pleasure to announce with the <unk> Foundation , something called the X <unk> <unk> prize , 10 million dollars .
We 're challenging the equipment in the world to combine these technologies into a mobile device that they talk about , and because it has AI , you can coughing , you can get blood out of your finger .
To win , it has to make better diagnostics than a certificate medical team .
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world where there are no doctors , where the load of morbidity is 25 percent , and there are 1.3 percent of the health workers .
When this device is going to be an RNA virus or DNA that does n't recognition , call the health of health and , first of all , prevent the pandemic .
But this is the biggest force of producing a world of abundance .
I call it the billion .
The white lines here are the population .
We 've just gone through the brand of seven billion .
By the way , the best protection against the population explosion is to give the world of education and health .
In 2010 , we had less than two billion people online , connected .
By 2020 , move from two billion to five billion Internet users .
Three billion minds never heard before you add to the global conversation .
What will these people want to do ?
What should you possibly have ? What does you want ?
And instead of an economic collapse , we will have the greatest economic injection of history .
These people represent tens of trillions of dollars in the global economy .
And we had more health care thanks to the <unk> , from a better education with Khan Academy , and because of the use of 3D impressions and computation in the cloud will be more productive than ever before .
What can you give us three billion of humanity , healthy educated and productive ?
How about voices never before heard ?
What if we give the oppressed , wherever they are , a voice to be heard and being able to act for the first time ?
What about these three billion ?
What if they are contributions we can not predict ?
One thing I learned with the X Prize is that small equipment , guided by their passion with a clear goal , can do extraordinary things -- things that they could only do the big corporations and governments .
I 'm going to finish by sharing a story that really got me excited .
There 's a program that 's probably some of you already know .
It 's called <unk> .
<unk> at the University of Washington , in Seattle .
It 's a game where people can take a sequence of amino acids and figure out how they 're folding the protein .
The folds determine the structure and the functionality .
It 's a very important thing in medical research .
And so far , it was an <unk> problem .
They 've played with this college professors , each other .
Then hundreds of thousands of people came in and started to play it .
And it has shown that the pattern of recognition of human patterns is better folding proteins than the best computers .
Ladies and gentlemen , what gives me a huge confidence in the future is that we have more power as people to take the big challenges on the planet .
We have the tools with this exponential technology .
We have the passion of the innovative <unk> .
We have the capital of the <unk> .
And we have three billion our new minds that are going to be moved to work in the solution of big challenges and doing what we should do .
We have in front of a few decades .
Thank you .
I 'm going to talk about a very small idea .
It 's the <unk> of the starting point .
And as the idea can be explained in a minute , I 'll just give you three examples to do time .
The first story is about Charles Darwin , one of my heroes .
He was here , as you know , 1982 .
You might think she was wearing finches , but it did n't .
They actually pick up fish .
And he described one of them as a common .
It was grouper .
He got it up until the 1880s .
Now the fish is in the Red List the IUCN .
But we heard this story many times , about the Galapagos and elsewhere , so that 's nothing special about it .
But the case is that we still came to the Galapagos .
We still think they 're <unk> .
The brochures are still intact .
So what happens here ?
Second story , illustrates another concept : the displacement of the waist .
Because I was there in 1971 studying a lagoon in West Africa .
I was there because I grew up in Europe , and then I wanted to work in Africa .
I thought I could tell you .
It burned so much with the sun and I was convinced that I was n't there .
This is my first exposure to the sun .
The lagoon was surrounded by palms , and as you can see , in some mangroves .
I had <unk> from about 20 centimeters , the so-called black beard .
And the fishery of this tilapia was very abundant , and it was happening for a good moment , so it was made by the average of the average in Ghana .
When I went there 27 years later , the amount of fish had halved .
It was <unk> at five centimeters .
It 's a genetic pressure .
There were still fish .
In a way , they were still happy .
And the fish were still happy to be there .
So , nothing to change , but everything has changed .
My third story is that I was complicit in the introduction of the trawler in Southeast Asia .
In the 1970s , well , I started in <unk> Europe conducted a lot of development projects .
Space development was to impose the countries that already had 100,000 fishermen , <unk> industrial fisheries .
And this boat , quite ugly , was called <unk> 4 .
I went out to fish in it , and we did studies in southern China 's ocean , and especially in the Java Sea .
What we captured there was something called <unk> .
<unk> , now I know , the bottom of the sea .
Ninety percent of what we captured was sponges and other animals that are at the bottom .
And most of the fish are tiny , tiny little things about remains , the remains that are fish from coral reef .
In short , the bottom of the sea came to the deck and then went off .
These images are extraordinary because the transition is very fast .
In one year , you do a study , and then you start commercial fishing .
The background is going to be a solid fund of soft coral , in this case , to be <unk> .
This is a dead turtle .
They did n't eat them . They were killed because they were dead .
We once captured a living .
I was n't yet <unk> .
So they wanted to kill her because I was a good food .
This mountain of remains is what fishermen are collected , every time they go to an area where they have never been fish .
But it 's no longer documented .
We turn the world , but we do n't remember it .
We 're going to take the starting point , to the new level , without remembering what was there .
If you look at this something like this .
On the Y-axis , we have good things : biodiversity , number of killer whales , the <unk> of the country , the water supply .
And that changes over time . It changes because people do it naturally .
Each generation will use images received at the beginning of their conscious life as normal and extrapolate forward .
The difference is they perceive loss .
But they do n't perceive the loss that happened before .
You can analyze the accumulation of change .
At the end , keep some miserable remains .
And that 's largely what we want to do now .
We want to keep things not , or they 're not what they were .
But one should be thinking that this problem affects people when societies are killed by societies without knowing what have done until generations later .
Because obviously , an animal that is very abundant , before they go extinct , it 's rare .
You do n't lose plentiful animals .
You lose animals .
Even if this is not perceived as a huge loss .
Over time , we focus on large animals , and in a synonymous sea of big fish .
They become unlikely because we take them .
Over time there are a few fish , but we think that 's the starting point .
And the question is , why do we take this ?
Well , because we do n't know it was different .
In fact , many people , scientists , <unk> that was very different .
And they will because the evidence was presented in a way that is not the way they expect it to have the evidence .
For example , the anecdote that some of you , like the captain of the way , and maybe I watched many fish in this area can not be used or , usually do n't use fishing scientists , because it 's not `` science . ''
So we have a situation where people do n't know the past , even though we live in <unk> societies , because they do n't rely on sources of the past .
Hence the enormous role that can make a protected marine area .
Because with marine areas , we really recreated the past .
The past that people ca n't think of because the starting point has been run and extremely low .
That 's for people who can see a protected marine area and can benefit from the vision that provides them , which allows you to erase their starting point .
And what about people who ca n't do it because they do n't have access , like the Middle Midwest , for example ?
I think there 's the arts and film maybe can fill in the vacuum . The simulation .
This is a Chesapeake Bay simulation .
A long time ago there were gray whales in the Chesapeake Bay ; 500 years ago .
And you may have noticed that the nuances and <unk> are like `` Avatar . ''
And if you think about `` Avatar , '' if you think about why people were so touched by the movie -- talking about the story of <unk> , why do we deal with the images ?
Because it raises something that , in a sense , lost .
So my suggestion , the only one to give , is Cameron , `` Avatar , '' under the water .
Thank you very much .
Hi . I 'm Kevin <unk> , the YouTube department manager , and I look at YouTube videos .
It 's true .
So today , we 'll see why the videos are done , and how important it does .
We all want to be stars : celebrities , comedians , comedians -- when I was younger , that seemed very , very difficult .
But today , the online video makes any of us , or our actions , copper in a part of our world culture .
Anybody can do famous on the Internet in a <unk> .
More than 48 hours of video to YouTube per minute .
And , from those , only a little percentage gets viral , gets countless views and makes <unk> cultural <unk> .
How does that happen ?
Three things : creators , communities of participation and surprise .
Okay , let 's start .
<unk> <unk> : Oh , my God , my God .
Oh , my God !
Wow .
<unk> , <unk> !
KA : Last year , <unk> <unk> published this video <unk> outside of his house in Yosemite National Park .
In 2010 , it was 23 million times .
This graph shows the views in the popularity of the summer of the past summer .
<unk> did n't try to make a viral video .
I just wanted to share a double rainbow .
That 's what you do if it 's called Yosemite Mountain <unk> .
I had been published many videos from nature .
This video had been published in January .
So what happened here ?
It was Jimmy <unk> .
Jimmy <unk> released this tweet that responds to the popularity to popularity .
<unk> , as Jimmy <unk> presented to us new and interesting things , and we 'll bring them into a wider audience .
Rebecca : It 's Friday , Friday . You have to start on Friday . Everybody wants to get on Friday weekend , the weekend . <unk> on a Friday . KA : You wo n't think that we could have this conversation without talking about this video , I hope .
`` <unk> '' from Rebecca Black is one of the most popular videos of the year .
You saw it almost 200 million times this year .
This graph shows the frequency of use .
Like `` double rainbow rainbow , '' this video seemed to have emerged from nowhere .
So what happened this day ?
Well , it was Friday , it 's true .
And if you ask those other peaks , they 're also on a Friday .
But what happened this day , this particular one ?
Well , he took it <unk> and many blogs started writing about it .
Michael J. Nelson , from <unk> Science was one of the first people to make a joke on Twitter on Twitter .
But the important thing is that a person or a <unk> group takes on an eye point and they share it with a wider audience , accelerating the process .
So , this community of people who share this great , inner joke then starts to talk about that and doing things .
And now there 's 10,000 <unk> <unk> on YouTube .
Just in the first seven days , there was a parody for each other day .
Unlike the one-way shift of the 20th century , this community participation is our way to be part of the <unk> phenomenon or doing something new with that .
`` <unk> Cat '' is a repetitive animation with a chord music .
That 's that , that 's it .
This year was about 50 million times .
And if you think that 's weird , you know that there 's a three hours version that 's seen four million times .
Until the cats saw this video .
And there are cats to see the video to see the video .
But the important thing here is the creativity that woke up between the Internet <unk> community .
There was <unk> .
Somebody did an old version .
And then it became international .
All of a sudden , a whole community of remixing that made this happen to be a silly joke to something that we can all form .
Because we do n't just enjoy , we participate .
Who could have predicted something like this ?
Who could have predicted `` double rainbow '' or Rebecca Black or `` <unk> '' ?
What script could have been written in this situation ?
In a world where you go up two days of video per minute , it 's only unique and unexpected can be <unk> in the way that these things have done .
When a friend told me that I had to see this great video of a guy who would protest against deposit tickets in New York , I 'll admit that I was n't really interested in .
Casey <unk> : I got a parking ticket for the <unk> , but there are often obstacles that prevent you from circular .
KA : Thanks to the surprise effect and its humor , Casey <unk> managed to see that five million would see and understand their idea .
So this approach is worth the whole new thing that we do in creative form .
And all of this leads to a big question .
<unk> <unk> : What does this mean ?
<unk> .
KA : What does this mean ?
The trend maker , creative communities , totally unexpected , are features of a new type of media , in a new culture that we all have access to , and is the audience that defines popularity .
As I said earlier , one of the current celebrities of the world , Justin Bieber , started on YouTube .
You do n't ask for permission to express your ideas .
Now we 're all a little masters of our pop culture .
These are not the characteristics of the old media , they 're just the current media , but they 're going to get the entertainment of the future .
Thank you .
This is not a finished story .
It 's a puzzle that 's still getting together .
Let me tell you about some of the pieces .
Imagine the first piece : a man burning the work of a lifetime .
It 's a poet , a playwright , a man whose entire life had been supported by the only unit of unity and freedom of his country .
So imagine as the communist communist came in <unk> , facing the fact that their life had been totally in vain .
The words , for so much time , women , now were making fun .
It became silent .
She died broken in history .
He 's my grandfather .
I never met him .
But our lives are much more than our memories .
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story .
My task was not to let that have been in vain , and my lesson was to learn that the story tried to break it up , but I would argue it .
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat to the <unk> <unk> .
My mother , <unk> , was just 18 years old when his father died , and a <unk> marriage and two small girls .
For her , life was destined to work alone : the escape from his family and a new life in Australia .
It was inconceivable for her that I could n't do it .
And after a <unk> <unk> , which challenges the fiction , a boat slid into the sea dressed with fishing ship .
Every adults knew the risks .
The greatest fear were pirates , rape and death .
Like most adults , my mother was wearing a little bit with poison .
If we were caught , first we 'd take my sister and me , and then she and my grandmother .
My earliest memories are from that boat , the constant rate of the engine , the bow diving into each wave , and the vast horizon and empty .
I do n't remember the pirates that came several times , but that were fooled by the courage of men in our boat , or the motor dying and not being able to break off for six hours .
But I do remember the lights of the oil rig in the coast of Malaysia , and the young man who collapsed and died , I end up on the journey was too much for him ; and the first apple I tried , given by the men in the platform .
No apple had the same taste .
After three months in a refugee camp , <unk> in Melbourne .
And the next piece of the puzzle is about four women over three generations shaping a new life together .
We set up in <unk> , a suburb of working class whose population is composed of immigrants .
Unlike the middle of the middle class , whose existence I did n't know , in <unk> , there was no sense of the right .
The smells that come from the shops were from the rest of the world .
And the fragments of <unk> <unk> were traded through the people who had one thing in common : they were starting again .
My mother worked on farms , then in a car assembly line , working six days , double turn .
Yet I found time to study English and get a I.T . title .
They were poor .
All the dollars were mapped , and it 's established a lot of extra in English and math , they would n't matter what you should take away , which was usually new clothes ; it was always a second hand .
Two <unk> pairs for school , one to hide the holes in the other .
A school uniform up to the ankles , because it had to last six years .
And there were <unk> and <unk> about the `` <unk> eyes '' and some graffiti : `` Asians , come home . ''
A house , where ?
Something in me will be paralyzed .
I was accumulating determination and a voice that said , `` I 'm going to <unk> you . ''
My mother , my sister and I <unk> in the same bed .
My mother was exhausted every night , but we were told about our day and we were hearing the movements of our grandmother at home .
My mother suffered nightmares , all of the boat .
And my task was to be awake until his nightmares began to be able to make it <unk> .
She opened a computer shop , then studied to be <unk> and opened another business .
And women came with their stories about men who could n't make the transition , angry and <unk> , and boys were stuck between two worlds .
They went off subsidies and sponsors .
And they created centers .
I lived in parallel worlds .
In one , I was a classic , relentless Asian student with what they 're going to do .
On the other , it was very rapidly in poor lives , tragically <unk> by violence , drug abuse and isolation abuse .
But many of them received help over the years .
And for that work , when I was studying my last year of law , I was elected by the Australian young Australian year .
And I was hooked on one piece of the puzzle to the other , but its edges did n't fit .
He was so <unk> , <unk> , he was now so on , refugee and social activist , invited to talk about sites I 've never heard of , and in houses whose existence she would never have imagined .
I did n't know the protocols .
I did n't know how to use the utensils .
I did n't know how to talk about wine .
I did n't know how to talk about anything .
I wanted to retreat to routines and the comfort of life in a suburb <unk> -- a grandmother , a mother and two daughters finishing the day as they did for almost 20 years , <unk> on the day of each and running <unk> , the three still in the same bed .
And I said to my mom who could n't do it .
It reminded me that I had now the same age as she had when we climb the boat .
The `` not '' had been an option .
`` Do it , '' he said , `` And you 're not what you do n't . ''
So I talked about youth and education and <unk> to the outcasts and the unprotected .
And the more frankly he talked about , the more I 'm going to tell you .
I met people from all the paths of life , many of them doing what they loved , living on the border of the possible .
And although I finished my undergraduate , I realized I could n't stay in a career of law .
There had to be another piece of the puzzle .
And I realized at the same time that it 's okay to be a stranger , a newly arrived , new one on the scene -- and not just that it 's okay , but it 's something that 's going to be grateful for , maybe a boat present .
Because being inside it can easily mean <unk> the horizons , it can easily mean to accept the assumptions of your province .
I gave up enough steps out of my comfort zone to know that , yes , the world breaks down , but not the way we fear .
You know , it was n't <unk> , they were tremendously <unk> .
There was an energy there , a relentless optimism , a rare mix of humility and courage .
So I just followed my intuition .
We went through a small group of people for the people who `` ca n't be done '' was an irresistible challenge .
For a year we did n't have a penny .
At the end of every day , he was making a giant soup pot that we all share .
They 're going to go down to <unk> at night .
Most of our ideas were crazy , but some brilliant , and we opened up .
I made the decision to move to the United States .
And then a trip .
My hunches again .
Three months later I had moved , and the adventure continued .
Before I finished , let me tell you about my grandmother .
She grew up in a time where the <unk> was the social norm and the local <unk> was the person who mattered .
Life had n't changed for centuries .
His father died shortly after she was born .
The mother was raised alone .
At the age of 17 , he became <unk> from a <unk> whose mother beat her .
They had no support of her husband , he caused an aura to the <unk> and take the cause , and it was a lot more <unk> caused when I won .
He ca n't do it proved to be wrong .
I was in the shower in the room in Sydney when she died , 3,000 miles , in Melbourne .
I looked through the <unk> of the shower , and I saw her standing on the other side .
I knew I 'd come to let go .
My mother called a minute later .
Days later , we went to a Buddhist temple in <unk> , and we sat around his coffin .
We tell her stories , and we made sure we were still with it .
At night , a monk came in and said he had to close the coffin .
My mother asked us to hold his hand .
I asked the monk , `` Why is her hand hot , and the rest of the body is so cold ? ''
`` Because you 've taken your hand from the morning , '' he said .
`` They have n't <unk> . ''
If there 's a nerve in our family , that runs through women .
Since we were and how life formed us , we can now see that the men who had come to our lives would have frustrated .
The defeat had easily matched .
Now I want to have my own kids , and I wonder about the boat .
Who could I want that to do it ?
However , I fear the privilege of how easy it is .
I can give you a bow in your life , which is brave in each wave , the <unk> pace of the engine , the vast horizon that 's not guaranteed to guarantee ?
I do n't know .
But if I could give it and see them safe , I would do it .
<unk> <unk> , and also the mother of gold is here in the fourth or fourth row .
My story starts in <unk> about two years ago .
I was in the desert , under the starry sky , with the Sufi singer <unk> Ali .
We were having a conversation about how nothing has changed from the old Indian epic `` The Mahabharata '' .
In those days when the Indians wanted to travel <unk> to a cart , and they <unk> the sky .
We do it with airplanes .
At that time when <unk> , the great prince warrior Indian , had thirsty , pulled out an arch and with a <unk> to the floor , got water .
Now we do the same with <unk> and machines .
The conclusion we 've taken was that the machinery had replaced the machinery .
And that makes me very much .
Every time I felt a little bit more than <unk> .
I 'm getting rid of this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciate a sunset if I did n't have the camera , if I could n't get my friends out .
It seemed like technology had to allow the magic , not to kill her .
As a child , my grandfather gave me my grandfather , silver <unk> .
And this component of 50 years was for me the most magical thing .
It became a golden door to a world filled with images , of pirate and <unk> in my imagination .
I had the feeling that mobile , the luxury clocks and the cameras prevent .
I was inspired by our inspiration .
So I was launched , and I came back to this technological world to see how to use magic , instead of kill her .
I 'd read books from age 16 .
So when I saw the iPad iPad , I saw a storytelling device able to connect the readers of the whole world .
You can know how we take the book .
Where we are .
Put the text with the image , the animation and sound and touch .
The storytelling becomes increasingly <unk> .
But what does that work ?
I 'm about to launch <unk> , an interactive application for iPad .
It says , `` You put your fingers on every light . ''
And so -- he says , `` This box belongs to ... '' I write my name .
And so I come back to a book character .
At several times , I get a <unk> -- the iPad knows where I live through the GPS -- that 's coming to me .
My inner girl is excited with all of these possibilities .
I 've talked a lot of magic .
And I do n't mean <unk> and dragons , but to that <unk> magic , those ideas that we 're going to do .
For some reason , fireflies in a jar were always exciting to me .
So , over here , we have to tilt the iPad , to release fireflies .
And , really , they light up your way in which you subtraction of the book .
Another idea that I loved about a little girl was that a whole galaxy in a <unk> galaxy .
So here , every book and every world becomes a little bit of <unk> that I drag into this magical device inside the device .
And this opens up a map .
In all fantasy books have always been maps but have been static maps .
This is a map that grows , <unk> and guide you for the rest of the book .
In certain points of the book , it reveals .
Now I 'm going to go .
Another incredibly important aspect to me is to create Indian content and in contemporary .
These are the <unk> .
We 've all heard of <unk> and <unk> , but how many people outside of India know their Indian counterparts , <unk> ?
These poor <unk> have been trapped in the Indra cameras for millennia , in an old and wet book .
So we 're bringing them back into a contemporary child history .
In a story that deals today , current issues like environmental crisis .
And , talking about the environmental crisis , one of the problems in the last 10 years has been that children have been locked in , glued to their PCs , have n't gone into the outside world .
But now with mobile technology , we can pull our kids into the natural world with their technology .
One of the interactions in the book is this adventure where you have to go outside , take the camera or iPad , and collect images from different natural objects .
As a child , I had lots of collections -- of sticks , stones , rocks and shells .
For some reason , kids do n't do it .
So to reclaim this childhood ritual , you have to go out and , in a chapter , you 'll take a picture of a flower and then <unk> .
In another chapter , you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then label it .
So it creates a digital collection of photos that you can then put on the Web .
A kid in London puts a picture of a fox , and he says , `` Oh , today I saw a fox . ''
A child in India says , `` I saw a monkey . ''
And it creates this kind of social network around a collection of digital photos that have been taken .
Within the variants of connection between magic , the Earth and the technology is so many possibilities .
In the next book , we had to have an interaction in which you go out with the iPad , and the video on , and through augmented reality , it sees a group of cartoons that appear on the inner plants .
At a moment the screen is full of leaves .
And you have to make the sound of the wind and you 've got them to be able to read the rest of the book .
We go to a world where the forces of nature are <unk> with technology and magic and technology to come from one another .
It <unk> the power of the sun .
We 're moving into our children and ourselves to the natural world and that magic , joy and love love that we sit through a simple story .
Thank you .
I 'd like to talk to you about why many projects of <unk> fail .
And I think , really , the most important thing is we stop listening to patients .
And one of the things we did at <unk> University was <unk> to a conductor of listening .
And not in a very scientific way , she raised a little cup of coffee or you and I asked patients , family and known : what happens ?
`` How can we help ?
And we tend to think , that this is one of the biggest problems that everyone , or maybe not all , but most projects of <unk> fail , we stop listening .
This is my Wi-Fi scale . It 's a very simple thing .
It 's got off and off and off .
Every morning I get in .
And yes , I have a challenge as you can see .
I got the challenge of getting to 95 kilograms .
But it 's so simple , every time I connect to , I send my information to Google Health .
And my <unk> doctor has access to him as well . So , he can see what my weight problem is , not at the same time when I need <unk> care or some urgency from that style , but I can see it backwards .
But there 's another thing .
Like some of you , you know , I have more than 4,000 followers on Twitter .
So every morning I connect to my Wi-Fi scale and before I climb my car , people start to talk to me : <unk> , today I think you need a light lunch .
That 's the best thing that can happen , because it 's pressure of the pairs we used to help patients , because it could be used for obesity , and also for patients quit smoking .
On the other hand , it can be able to move people out of their chairs and together develop some recreational activity for more control of their health .
From the next week to be available .
This little little bit connected to an iPhone or another device .
And people are going to be able to , from their homes , take their blood pressure , put it into their doctor , and share it with others , for example , for 100 dollars .
This is the point where the patients assume a position , they come back to control and to be abused their own boat , but it can also help us health care because of the challenges we face , as the firing of <unk> care costs , the doubling of demand and other issues .
<unk> techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team .
And they can do it with techniques like this , but also crowdsourcing .
And one of the things we made to share with you with you with a video .
We all have controls shipping on cars .
Maybe we even have them in our cell phones .
We know perfectly where ATM machines .
Also , where all the <unk> are .
And of course , we can find fast food chains .
But where is the closest <unk> to help this patient ?
We asked , but nobody knew .
Nobody knew where to get the <unk> saving lives right now .
What we did was crowdsourcing in the Netherlands .
We created a website , and we asked the public to be , if you see a <unk> , please <unk> , where , and when it 's open , you know , sometimes they 're opening up at the office program and others are closed .
And over 10,000 <unk> were introduced in the Netherlands .
The next step was to look for the app for that .
And we did an app for the iPad .
We created an app for <unk> , augmented reality , to find these <unk> .
And every time you 're in the city of <unk> and somebody collapses , they can use your iPhone , and the next few weeks using their cell phone phone to find the nearest <unk> , which can save lives .
And from today , I 'd like to present this one , not just like <unk> <unk> , which is the name of the product , but also as <unk> .
And we 'd like to <unk> them globally .
We 're <unk> all of the colleagues in the world , in other universities , to help us find , work and act like a crowdsourcing center for the crowdsourcing .
Every time you 're on vacation and somebody collapses , it can be a relative or someone in front of you , you can find it .
I also wanted to invite companies around the world that could help us validate these <unk> .
You might be messaging services , for example people , for example , to see if the <unk> show is still in their place .
Please help us in this and not just improve health , but to take control of it .
Thank you very much .
I 'm here to share photography ' photography .
Or is it a photograph ?
Because of course , they 're photographs that you ca n't take with their cameras .
My interest in photography woke up with my first digital camera at 15 years .
I mixed up with my previous passion , but it was a little bit different because when I used to use the camera , the process was in planning .
And when you take a photograph with a camera , the process ends up when the trigger .
For me , photography had more to do with being in the right place , at the right time .
It seemed like anybody could do it .
So I wanted to create something different , a process that would start to press the trigger .
Pictures like this : a construction on a very <unk> road .
But it has an unexpected twist .
And despite it , it keeps a level of realism .
Or pictures like these -- dark and colorful at the same time , but with the common goal to keep the level of realism .
And when I say realism I mean <unk> .
Because of course , it 's not something that I can be captured , but I always want it to be captured in some way as a photograph .
What you 'll have to think about is a moment to discover the trick .
It has more to do with getting an idea that we have to capture a moment .
But what is the trick that makes it seem real ?
Is it all the details or the colors ?
Do you get light ?
What creates the illusion ?
Sometimes the illusion is perspective .
But in the end , it 's about our way to interpret the world and how you can perceive on a two-dimensional surface .
It 's actually not about whether it 's realistic but what we think is realistic .
So I think the basics are very simple .
I see it as a puzzle of reality where we take different pieces of reality and put them together to create an alternative reality .
I 'll show you a simple example .
Here we have three perfectly imaginable objects , something that we can all relate to the three-dimensional world .
But combined in a certain way can create something that still looks three-dimensional , as if it existed .
But at the same time , we know it does n't exist .
So we pretend to the brain because the brain does n't embrace the fact that it does n't really make sense .
And I see the same process by combining the photographs .
It 's really in combining different realities .
And the things that make a picture looks like , I think that 's the ones that we do n't even think about , the things that surround us in our daily lives .
But by combining pictures , it 's very important to consider it , because otherwise something is going to be wrong .
So I 'd like to say that there are three simple rules that will continue to achieve realistic results .
As you can see , these images are not very special .
But combined , they can create something like this .
So the first rule is that the combination of photos must have the same perspective .
Second , the photos combined must have the same kind of light .
And these two images meet these requirements , and they were taken in the same height and the same kind of light .
The third point is making impossible to distinguish the beginning and the end of different images with a perfect joint .
It has to be impossible to see where the image was made .
This is another example .
You might think that this is the image of a landscape and the bottom is manipulated .
But this picture is totally composed of photographs of different places .
In personal , I think it 's easier to create a place to find a place to find , because you do n't need to put in danger the ideas that you have in your head .
But it takes a lot of planning .
And as I thought about this idea in the winter , I knew I had several months for <unk> , to find the different locations for the puzzle pieces .
For example , the fish was captured on a fishing journey .
The shores are from a different location .
The <unk> part was captured in a stone well .
And yeah , I even did red the house of the top of the island to look more likely .
So to make a realistic outcome , I think we need planning .
It always starts with a sketch , an idea .
Then you have to combine the different photographs .
And here each piece is very well meant to mean .
If you do a good job when you take the photos , the result can be very beautiful , and at the same time it 's very realistic .
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination .
Thank you .
I 'll start showing you a slide about technology , very boring .
Please , if you can put it ...
It 's a diagram that I took from a folder .
I 'm not very interested to show you the details , but the general look .
It 's an analysis that we were doing about the power of <unk> microprocessors versus the power of local area networks .
What 's interesting about this is that this one , as many other people we tend to see , is a kind of a straight line on a log line .
In other words , every step over here represents an order of magnitude on the performance scale .
I 'm going to talk about technology with <unk> curves .
Here 's something weird happening .
And that 's what I 'm going to talk about .
Please turn on the lights .
It 's more intensity because writing about paper .
Why do we plot technological curves at <unk> scales ?
The answer is that if you draw them into a normal curve where , say , these are the years , or some unit of time , and this would be any measure of the technology I want to chart , the diagram would look something ridiculous .
It would be something like this .
It does n't say much .
But if plot , for example , other technology , like transportation , in a <unk> curve , it would be very silly , we would see a straight line .
But if something happens , it 's a qualitative change .
If technology of transport is fast as fast as the microprocessors , it happened tomorrow we could take a taxi and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds .
But it does n't go down at that pace .
There is no precedent in the history of the technological development of <unk> growth that every few years forward to orders of magnitude .
The question I want to make is -- look at these exponential curves , we see they do n't follow forever .
It 's not possible to hold this change as fast as it goes .
They 're going to take one of two things .
Or it 's okay to become a typical curve , and I know this until it comes out something totally different , or maybe I 'll do something like this .
That 's all that can happen .
I 'm optimistic , so I think maybe something like that .
So we 're now in the middle of a transition .
In this line we are in a transition from what the world used to be , in a new way .
So what I 'm trying to ask , and wonder , is that , what is that new way that the world does ?
What new state is the world going ?
The transition seems very , very <unk> if we 're engaged in it .
I remember looking at the future in 2000 and people used to talk about what would happen in 2000 .
This is a conference where people talk about the future and we see that the future is still the year 2000 .
That 's all we see .
In other words , the future has shrunk , year after year , throughout my life .
But I think it 's because we feel something happening .
And we can feel it .
And we know that it does n't make much sense to think about 30 or 50 years because everything will be so different than extrapolate what we 're doing today does n't make any sense .
So I want to talk to you about how it could be , how it could be that transition that we experience .
But to do that , I 'll have to talk a little bit about things that do n't have a lot to do with technology and computing .
Because I think the only way to understand it is taking distance and look at things in the long term .
The time scale I 'd like to do is the time of life on Earth .
I think this image makes sense if we look at each billion years .
So we go back a half a billion years when the Earth was a big sterile rock with a lot of chemicals that went around it .
If we look at the way that chemicals organized us give us an idea of how things happened .
And I think there are theories to start understanding the origin of RNA . I 'm going to tell you a simple version of this , and it 's that , at that time , it had float some extra oil droplet with all sorts of chemical prescriptions inside .
Some of those droplet of oil had a particular combination of chemicals that made them build materials from the outside , and so drops .
And they started divided .
In a sense , those were the most primitive cell forms -- those oil droplet .
But those blobs were n't alive , in the current sense , because each one of them contained a random chemical recipe .
And every time you have divided to <unk> an unequal distribution of chemicals that contain .
So every drop was a little bit different .
In fact , drops that somehow became better at the time to incorporate the surrounding chemicals ; they grew more chemicals and divided more chemicals .
Mostly life lived , they were more represented .
It was a form of life , chemistry , very simple chemistry , but things became interesting when these droplets of abstraction learned the trick in the abstraction .
In some ways that we do n't understand very well , these guys learned to store information .
They learned to store information , which was the recipe for the cell , in a special chemical called DNA .
In other words , I 'm going to go through this meaningless evolution , a writing system that allowed them to record what they were in order to replicate .
The amazing thing is that that writing system seems to have remained stable since it evolved 2.5 billion years ago .
Our recipe , our genes , they have exactly the same code , that same writing system .
In fact , every living thing is expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code .
And one of the things I did just for fun -- we can write things with this code .
Here I have 100 white powder <unk> that try to hide the security people from the airport .
But it contains -- I took this code -- it has the common letters that we tend to use in this -- and I wrote my personal data in this piece of DNA and <unk> 10 to 22 times .
So if someone wants to have 100 million copies of my personal card , I have a lot for everyone here ; in fact , for every person in the world , and it 's here .
If it was a <unk> , I would have put it in a virus and have spread it through the room .
What was the next step ?
Writing the DNA was an interesting step .
This made these cells happy over billion years .
But then another big step happened in which things became very different , and it was that these cells started trading and communicating information to form communities .
I do n't know if you know it , but bacteria can exchange DNA .
So , for example , for example , resistance will evolve .
Some bacteria found the way we avoid penicillin , and they were able to get them to create their little DNA with other bacteria , and now there 's a lot of resistant to penicillin because bacteria communicate .
This communication gave the place that they would form communities that , in a way , were put together , and some synergy .
In that way they survived or failed , or whether a community was very successful all the individuals in that community , they would say more and they were <unk> by evolution .
And the inflection point happened when these communities came up so much that , in fact , came together and decided to write the whole recipe from the community into a chain of DNA .
The next stage for life took another one billion years .
And at that stage , we have these multicellular communities , communities of many different types of different cells working together as one organism .
In fact , we are a multi-cellular community .
We have many cells that do n't act alone .
The skin cell serves without the heart of the heart , or your muscles , or the brain , and so on .
So these communities evolved and produced more interesting levels than the cell phone , which we call an organism .
The next level happened within these communities .
These started <unk> information .
and building very special structures that did n't make more than process information in community .
It 's the neural structures .
So neurons are the devices that process the information that those mobile communities built .
In fact , they began to specialize within the community being <unk> structures to record , understanding and convey information .
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities .
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage .
Because at that moment as individuals -- learning was confined to the duration of an organism , and not to the period of evolutionary time .
So , one organism could , for example , learn to not eat some fruit because he knew it wrong and got sick the last time that she ate it .
That could happen during the life of an organism because they had built these kinds of information processing structures that evolution would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years by the death of individuals who ate that fruit .
So the fact that the nervous system to build those information structures dramatically accelerated .
Because evolution could now happen to an individual .
It could happen in the time you need to learn .
But then , of course , individuals discovered the communication trick .
So , for example , the more refined version we know is human language .
If we think about it , it 's an incredible invention .
I have a very complicated idea , a vague idea , in your head .
I 'm here sitting emitting some <unk> , and hopefully building a similar idea , vague and confused , in his heads that keeps some analogy with me .
But we took something very complicated , we turned it into sound , into sound sequences , and we make something very complicated in another brain .
That 's now allowing us to start to work as an organism .
In fact , as humanity , we 've started to perform abstractions .
Now we go through periods of similar time to the multicellular organisms ; we use our record methods and presentation processing and information processing .
For example , the invention of language was a small step in that direction .
<unk> , computing , video tape , the CD-ROM , and so on , are the specialized mechanisms that we now build to handle that information .
And that brings us into something much bigger , faster and able to evolve more than we did before .
Now evolution can happen on microseconds .
You know , you saw the evolutionary <unk> of <unk> in which some evolution with the <unk> program , in front of our eyes .
And now we 've accelerated time scales again .
The first stages of history I would tell you took a billion years each .
The next stages , the nervous system and the brain , took a few hundred million years .
The next thing , the language and so on , took less than a million years .
And the next thing , like electronics , seems to take just a few decades .
The process goes back ; I guess <unk> is the right word for name something that accelerates your own pace of change .
The more it changes , the faster it does .
And I think that 's what we observe at this explosion of curve .
We see that the process goes back .
But I have a life designing computers , and I know that the mechanisms that jobs would n't be possible without the recent recent advances .
But now design objects of such complexity that would be impossible for me to engineer them .
I do n't know that it makes each transistor in that connections machine .
There are billions .
Instead , with the designers of <unk> <unk> , we think about a level of abstraction , we put it on the machine , and the machine with that does something that you could never get , it gets far further and faster than ever before .
In fact , sometimes use methods that we do n't even understand .
A particularly interesting method , which I 've been using lately is evolution itself .
So we put into the machine an evolutionary process that operates at the scale of microseconds .
And for example , in the more extreme cases , we can evolve a program from a random sequence of instructions .
We say , `` Please computer , can you run a hundred million random instructions ?
You could run these sequences of random instructions , run all those programs , and take the ones that we want to do ? ''
In other words , I define what I want .
Let 's say I want to order numbers , to put a simple example .
So , we found the programs that are closer to tidying numbers .
Of course , it 's unlikely that some random sequences , <unk> numbers , so none of them did .
But one , fortunately , could put two numbers on the right order .
And I said , `` computer , could you take 10 percent of those random sequences that better did the task ?
They put those and <unk> those up .
And now I 've gotten the best to put the numbers .
And let 's go back to <unk> following a role-play , analog to sex . ''
Let 's take two programs , which will <unk> children , who would <unk> <unk> , and that children would promote the properties of both programs .
So we got a new generation of programs out of the combinations of programs that had a bit more successful .
And we say , `` Please , do it again . ''
It 's new again .
We 're going to give up some mutations .
It tries to try and try and get it back to another generation .
Well , each generation takes a few milliseconds .
So , I can do the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or , in complicated cases , in a few hours .
In the end , we end up with programs that are called absolutely perfect numbers .
In fact , they 're a lot of programs that I could have written by hand .
If I look at those programs , I ca n't tell you how they work .
I 've tried to analyze it to see how they work .
These are dark programs , strangers .
But they keep making it .
In fact , I know , I have the security that they get the target because they come from a lineage of hundreds of thousands of programs that did it .
In fact , their lives depended on doing that .
Once I was going into a 747 with some quick 1930s , and he puts out a card and says , `` Look at this .
He says , `` This airplane has hundreds of thousands of <unk> who work together to offer a safe flight , does n't make you feel calm ? ''
We know that engineering processes do n't work very well when they get complicated .
So we started to depend on computers to do different design processes .
And that allows us to produce much more complex things than the ones that produce normal engineering .
However , we do n't understand the whole options that are there .
In that sense , it goes ahead of us .
Now we use those programs to make computers much faster and so to run these programs much faster .
So it feeds back .
The thing goes faster and faster , and I think it seems so <unk> .
Because all of these technologies feed back .
We 're taking off .
And we are at an analog moment to the single-celled organisms when they became multicellular .
We are the amoebas and we ca n't understand what the hell we 're creating .
We 're at the tipping point .
But I think something comes behind us .
I think it would be very arrogant from our part to think that we are the ultimate product of evolution .
And I think all of us are part of the creation of whatever it comes .
But now comes the lunch and I think I 'll stop here before I got myself .
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that has to change .
And I think this starts with a doctor , and that 's me .
And I 've spent enough time for me to give up part of my false prestige on that .
Before I treat the theme of my talk , let 's talk a little bit about baseball .
Why not ?
We 're close to the end , the World Series .
We love baseball , right ?
baseball is full of amazing statistics .
There are hundreds of statistics .
It 's about getting out `` The rules '' -- he talks about statistics and use to form a big baseball team .
I 'm going to focus on one of them , and I hope many of you meet .
It 's called <unk> .
And we talked about 300 , from a <unk> to <unk> 300 .
That means that bat <unk> effectively , three times .
That means throwing the ball to the playing field without being caught , and that anybody who tried to throw it out at the first base , do n't get to time , and the second base was saving .
Three , three attempts at 10 .
You know how they call a <unk> <unk> in the Great League Baseball ?
Well , really good , maybe the stars .
You know how they call a <unk> <unk> ?
By the way , that 's somebody that of 10 strikes , it gets paid four .
<unk> -- like the legendary Williams `` the legendary League player , '' the last League of the Major League <unk> of <unk> on a regular season .
Now I 'm doing this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable , or maybe less awkward , after what I 'm going to tell you today .
Suppose you have appendicitis and they are derivatives in a surgeon who also has a record for 400 <unk> .
It does n't work , right ?
Now suppose that they live in a remote place and a loved one has two <unk> coronary arteries , and his family doctor is derived by a cardiologist whose <unk> record is 200 .
But , you know something ?
She 's remarkably improving this year .
And their hits have been <unk> .
This is not working .
But I 'll ask you .
What do you think should be the average of the hits of a heart surgeon or an orthopedic or a <unk> <unk> ?
1,000 , very well .
And the truth of the matter is that no one in all medicine knows the hits of a good surgeon , a medical care doctor .
What we do , though , is they send them to the world , and I am included , with being perfect .
That never , ever , make a mistake and tried to figure out how to do it right .
That was the take-home message when I was in medical school .
I was a obsessional <unk> student .
Once , a fellow in high school , he said I Brian Goldman Goldman studying to a blood test .
Such .
<unk> in my little <unk> , in the <unk> at the U.K. 's Medical Hospital , not far from here .
And I learned everything from memory .
From my kind of anatomy , I memorized the origin and muscle work , the branching of every artery that comes out of your grandfather , the frequent differential diagnosis , the usual .
And I even knew the differential diagnosis of how to classify the kidney <unk> .
And so much more and more knowledge .
And I went very well ; I graduated with them .
And they 're from medical school with the impression that if I did everything , then then , I would know everything , or as possible , close to everything , because so I get rid of the mistakes .
And it worked for a while , until I met the lady .
I was a resident in a college hospital here , in Toronto , when they brought the lady to get the emergency service where I worked .
At that time , I was assigned to the cardiology of cardiology .
And when the emergency emergency was requested , I 'm going to go to that patient .
I 'm reporting to the chief of residents .
When I saw the lady , I was gasping for me .
I heard a <unk> sound .
And when the <unk> , I heard a <unk> sound on both sides , which gives me an failure heart failure .
In these conditions , the heart stops working and instead of pump the blood forward , the blood goes to the lungs , and they fill out blood , and that 's why there 's difficulty breathing .
And it was n't hard to diagnose .
I did it , and I started working on the treatment that I would give .
I gave aspirin and medication to relieve the pressure on his heart .
I gave him <unk> , <unk> pills , so that he could eliminate the liquid .
And in an hour or two , she started feeling better .
And I felt very well .
And that 's when I made the first mistake ; he sent her home .
Actually , I made two more mistakes .
He sent her home without talking to the chief of residents .
I did n't get the phone , I did n't get what I should have done , which was to call my boss and interview him for him to see him .
And if my boss would have seen it , I would have been able to contribute information .
Maybe I did for a good reason .
I probably did n't want to be a resident to get constant attention .
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and capable of taking responsibility , I could take care of my patients without even contact for my boss .
The second mistake I made was worse .
When I send it to his house , I did n't recognize a voice on my inside , and I was like , `` Goldman , I 'm not a good idea . Do n't do it . ''
In fact , I was so insecure that I asked the nurse who was taking care of the <unk> lady , `` Do you think he 's okay if you go home ? ''
And the nurse thought , and then he said very naturally , `` Yes , I think I 'm okay . ''
I remember that as if it was yesterday .
So he was signed up , and the ambulance next to the ambulance guys took her home .
And I went back to the hospital room .
The rest of that day , that afternoon , I had a bad breath in the stomach .
But I went on with my work .
At the end of the day , I packed up to leave the hospital and walked into the parking lot where my car was to go home . At that moment , I did something I do n't normally normally .
It went through the emergency service on the road .
And there another nurse , not that I was taking care of the lady who was <unk> before , but another one , he told me three words , those three words that most of the emergency doctors fear .
Other specialists fear them too , but there 's a <unk> in <unk> , and we see the patients <unk> .
The three words are : Does you remember you ?
`` Did you remember the patient who sent her home ? ''
He asked the other <unk> <unk> .
`` Well she came back , '' with the same tone of voice .
She was okay .
But I went back and on the edge of death .
At an hour of having come to his house , after I hit her high , he suffered a collapse , and his family called 911 , and his family called 911 ; the ambulance was brought to emergencies with a blood pressure of <unk> , which means a severe shock .
I just breathed and I was blue .
The emergency staff followed all its resources .
They gave medication to raise your blood pressure .
They put a ventilator .
I was shocked and <unk> to the spinal cord .
I had a mixture of feelings because after the <unk> was in intensive care , and I expected all hope to recover .
And in the two or three days , it was apparent that we never wanted to .
He had an irreversible brain damage .
The family gathered .
And in eight or nine days , they 'll get rid of what was happening .
And by the ninth day , they let her go . The lady , <unk> , wife , mother and grandmother .
They say they never forget the names they die .
That was my first experience .
The next couple of weeks , I was struck by it , and I experienced for the first time the unhealthy was in our medical culture and I felt alone , isolated , without feeling that healthy shame because you ca n't hold your colleagues with your colleagues .
You make peace and never make that mistake .
It 's that shame that leaves a teaching .
The unhealthy shame that I 'm talking about is that makes us feel very bad inside .
It 's the one that tells us not that what we did bad , but we 're bad at it .
And that felt .
And it was n't for my boss ; he was an <unk> .
I talked to the family , and I 'm sure you 're going to make sure that I did n't get distracted .
And I kept getting those questions up .
Why did n't I ask my boss ? Why did he send her home ?
And in my worst moments , why I made a mistake so silly ?
Why did I choose medicine ?
Little by little that feeling was <unk> .
And I started to feel better .
And in a day , it opened up the sky and finally came out the sun , and I wondered if I felt better again .
And I did a deal with myself , in which if I 'm going to spend the efforts to be perfect for you to make more mistakes , I would do these voices .
And it was .
I went back to work .
It came back .
Two years later , I was an assistant in the emergency department in a North Toronto hospital in Northern Toronto , and I got a man from 25 years old with an pain in his throat .
I was very busy and in a hurry .
And he would point out here .
I looked at her throat , I was a little bit <unk> .
He would <unk> penicillin and sent him to his house .
But while he was running the door , he kept pointing his throat .
Two days later , when I came to make my <unk> change , my boss asked to talk to me sitting in his office .
And he gave the three words : Does you remember you ?
Remember the patient he saw in the throat ?
He went back and did n't have a <unk> <unk> .
He had a potentially deadly condition called <unk> .
You can search for Google . It 's an infection , not from your throat , but it can cause the closing side of those pathways .
He , fortunately , did n't go away .
It 's managed by antibiotics for us , and it 's recovered in the few days .
And I went through the same time period of shame and <unk> , and then she went back to work , until it happened over and over again and again .
Twice in the same emergency shift , they do n't get appendicitis .
And it 's a great effort , especially working in a hospital , because they 're going to be killed at 14 patients at the same time .
But in both cases , I did n't give them home and I do n't think it 's been a carelessness .
One of them thought I had a kidney calculation .
Order an X-ray of an X-ray of kidneys , but it turned out to be normal , a colleague who was checking the patient perceived to be a sensitivity in the lower right-hand corner and called the surgeon .
The other patient was a lot of diarrhea .
I order it liquid to <unk> , and I asked my colleague that I 'll take a look at it .
I checked it , and he noticed a certain sensitivity in the lower right-hand corner , called the surgeon .
Both they were operated and recovered .
But every single case , I would go , <unk> .
But I 'd like to tell you that I made the worst errors in the first five years of exercise , and as a lot of colleagues say , it 's a mess .
<unk> have been over the last five years .
Only , ashamed and <unk> .
And here 's the problem : if I ca n't release me and talk about my mistakes , if I ca n't find my mind that tells me what 's really going on , how can I share this with my colleagues ?
How do I show you this to do n't make the same mistakes ?
If I would go now to a place like this , I would have no idea what you think about me .
When was the last time you heard somebody talking about failure , after failure , after failure ?
Of course , at a party you 'll hear about the mistakes of other doctors , but you 're not going to hear someone talk about their own mistakes .
And if I knew and my colleagues , as well , a <unk> in my hospital <unk> my wrong leg , believe me I would have trouble looking at the eyes .
This is the system we have .
The total denial of mistakes .
It 's the system where there are two positions : those who make mistakes , and those who do n't sleep , and those who do n't sleep , and the ones that have the bad outcomes , and those who have great results .
And it 's almost like an ideological reaction , as antibodies that starts to attack that person .
We have the idea that if we stop medicine to people who make mistakes , we will stay a safe system .
But that brings two problems .
In 20 years , about diffusion and medical journalism , I 've done a personal medical study study and medical errors , and I have done the first article I wrote for the Toronto `` Star Life , Art <unk> , Art <unk> , '' white art .
And what I learned is that errors are ubiquitous .
We work in a system where errors happen every day , in which one of every 10 drug drugs would be wrong in the hospital are wrong , or making it not right , and in a system where <unk> infections are increasingly , and more numerous , causing chaos and death .
In this country , 44,000 Canadian doctors were Canadian medical errors .
The U.S. Medicine Institute established 100,000 .
In both cases , it 's about <unk> <unk> , because we 're not taking the problem as we should .
And so there are things .
A hospital system where knowledge goes up every two or three years , and we do n't get rid of it .
It 's inherently sleeping deprivation .
And we ca n't get rid of it .
We have cognitive biases that allow you to make a perfect history of a patient with the chest pain .
Now , let 's take a look at the same patient with an chest pain , comes along with me <unk> , and with her breath , and all of a sudden , my story <unk> from contempt .
It 's not the same story .
I 'm not a robot ; I do n't do the same thing .
And my patients are not cars . They do n't hide their symptoms always in the same way .
All of this , the mistakes are inevitable .
So if we take the system as we were taught , and we eliminate all the professional professionals for error , well , no one .
And with respect to people , do n't want to talk about their most serious cases ?
In my program : `` White art , black art , '' it 's already a habit to say , `` This is my worst mistake . '' I would tell you all , from the ambulance to the head of heart surgery , `` This is my worst mistake , '' blah , blah , blah , `` What are your mistakes ? '' And you 're going to
And his students went down , <unk> , go down the head and get saliva and start telling your stories .
They want to tell their stories , they want them to share them .
I mean , I can say , `` Look , they do n't make the same mistake . ''
They need a context where we can do it .
They need a <unk> medical culture .
And it starts with a doctor every time .
The activist doctor is human , they know human , accepts , and they do n't proud of their mistakes , but it tries to learn from how to teach others .
It Share their experiences with them .
It 's support for those who talk about their mistakes .
They give up the mistakes of other people not with intention , but in a loving way and support for everyone to benefit .
And it works in a medical culture that recognizes that human beings run the system , and when this happens , they become errors in time .
My name is Brian Goldman .
I 'm a redefined doctor .
I 'm a human , make mistakes mistakes .
And I 'm very sorry , but I 'm effort to learn something that can convey to others .
I do n't know what I think about me , but I can live with that .
And let me conclude with three personal words : I remember it .
Do you know how many decisions we took one day ?
Do you know how much you choose in a week ?
I did a survey over 2,000 people , and the average amount of choice that he says to pick an average American , is about 70 a day .
Not long ago , in a research followed for a week to a group of business presidents .
The researchers recorded the different tasks were going to take care of these CEOs and the time that we 're going to be able to make related decisions with those tasks .
They found that , on average , <unk> <unk> jobs a week .
Naturally , every work , had lots of <unk> .
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less .
Only 12 percent required an hour or more of their time .
Now think about your choices .
Do you know how many of them belong to a nine minutes , and how many of an hour ?
How did the way that the way those decisions manages ?
Today I want to talk about one of the biggest problems today : choice before the overload of options .
I want to talk about the problem and of possible solutions .
As I talk about this , I 'm going to ask you a few questions , and I need to know your answers .
When I ask a question , as I 'm blind , raise your hand only if you want to burn calories .
In another way , when you ask a question , if your answer is positive , you shake a cigarette .
And now my first question of the day : Are you ready to talk about the problem of the overload of options ?
Thank you .
Being a graduate student at Stanford University , <unk> this <unk> supermarket , at least at the time was very sophisticated .
It was called <unk> 's .
It was almost like going to an amusement park .
There were 250 kinds of mustard and vinegar , more than 500 different kinds of fruits and vegetables and about 25 of bottled water , and this was when we took water from the faucet .
I loved going to that store , but on one occasion , I asked myself , why never buy anything ?
This is the olive oil shelf .
They had over 75 different classes , including those who were in sealed box that came from millennials .
I once decided to visit the manager and I asked him , `` Is this strategy to offer all these options ? ''
He pointed to me full of the buses full of tourists that came every day , usually with their cameras .
So we decided to do a little experiment with <unk> .
It 's the hall .
They had <unk> different classes .
He took a post to <unk> , just at the entrance to the store .
We put out of six tastes , or from 24 different tastes , and we looked at two things : First , what about people were willing to stop testing jelly ?
More people stopped when there was 24 , 60 percent , that when there was only six , 40 percent .
We also looked at what case they were more likely to buy a jelly pot .
Here we find the opposite effect .
They stopped when there was 24 , only three percent came to buy jelly .
Of those who stopped when there were six , we saw 30 percent bought jelly .
If we do the calculations , people had six times more likely to buy jelly if they found six , that if they found 24 .
Well , to decide that we do n't have a jelly shop probably to be paid less is good to conserve <unk> , but it turns out that the problem of the overload of choices is affecting us in all right decisions .
We decided to do n't decide , even though this is not true of us .
Now the theme of the day : the financial savings .
I 'm going to describe to you a study that I did with <unk> <unk> , <unk> <unk> and Wei Wei , where we saw the decisions about savings for retirement for about a million Americans , from a couple of 650 plans in this country .
We were interested in seeing if the number of funds available retirement plans , retirement competition , <unk> people to save for the future .
And we found that I really did know there was a correlation .
We had <unk> plans that went from two , to 59 options .
We found that the greater the number of money was used , there was less participation .
So if we look at the extremes , we see that in the plans that offer two funds , the rate of participation was 70 percent or more , not as high as I want to .
And in the plans plans that offer about 60 funds , the rate of participation went down to the 1960s .
It turns out that even if you decide to participate , when there are more options , even in that case , there 's negative consequences .
So , for those of you who decided to participate , the bigger the number of options , more people will be engaged by avoiding stocks or investment funds .
As soon as there were more options , they were more willing to invest in market financial market .
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we are <unk> to optimize the future financial well-being .
In the previous decade we 've seen three main consequences by providing more and more possibilities .
The most likely is that they 're going to be able to make the decision , which is that the <unk> even when this is against the self-interest .
They 're more likely to make the worst decisions -- in finance and health .
They 're more likely to choose less satisfying things , even if objectively it gets better .
The main reason is that we 're looking at that <unk> <unk> , mustard , vinegar and jelly , but we 're not able to do the calculations to compare , contrast and choice from that awesome exhibition .
Today I want to propose to you today , four simple techniques that we 've tried , in a way or another , in different research , so you can rehearse in their business .
The first one is , <unk> .
You 've heard it before , but it 's never been more true than today , which is less .
People always bother when I say , `` <unk> . ''
They care about losing space in <unk> .
But actually , what we 're seeing more and more is that if you decide to cut , get rid of odd redundant options , there will be a increase in sales , <unk> costs , there will be a better experience in choice .
When <unk> & Gamble happened from 26 different types of Head & quot <unk> , you saw a 10 percent increase in sales .
When the Swiss Gate corporation eliminated the products of cats that were less sold , they increased profit at 87 percent , for two causes : bigger sales and lower costs .
You know that the supermarkets of today , on average , offer 45,000 products .
In a store of Walmart , there 's about 100,000 products .
But the ninth largest store in the world today is <unk> and it offers only 1,400 products -- a kind of tomato sauce .
In the world of financial savings , I think one of the best examples that have come up on how to deal with the best choices is the <unk> David <unk> , the Harvard program .
All the Harvard employees are automatically embedded in a security fund .
The people who really want to choose , give them 20 money , not 300 or more .
You know , often people say , `` I do n't know how to cut .
They 're all important choices . ''
The first thing I do is ask employees , `` Tell me the differences that are between those options .
And if your employees ca n't differentiate , they ca n't make their customers . ''
This afternoon , before I started this session , I was talking about it .
He told me that he would be willing to offer people from this audience on a vacation of a $ paid vacation with all paid the world 's most beautiful road .
Here , a description .
I want you to read it .
I 'm going to leave a few seconds to read it , and then I want you to give a applause if you 're ready to take the offer of Gary .
Now , a few applause ) Okay . Anybody who 's ready to accept the offer .
Is n't that more ?
Well , I 'm going to show you something else .
You knew there was a trick .
Who 's ready for that journey ?
I think I really had to hear more hands .
All right .
Actually , you had more information on the first round , which in the second one , but I can tell you that they thought the second time was more real .
Because the images made it look more real .
This brings me to the second technique to manage the problem of the overload of options , which is <unk> .
For people to understand differences between options , they have to understand the consequences of each choice , and that the consequences must feel very vivid , very concrete .
Why are people spending 15 percent to 30 percent more on average when you use debit cards , or credit , that when they use cash ?
Because it does n't look real money .
It turns out that making it look more real , it can be a very positive tool for people to save more .
We did a study with <unk> <unk> and <unk> <unk> , <unk> <unk> who worked in <unk> , these people were at a meeting where they were <unk> to a 401 plan .
At that meeting , we just kept exactly how they used to , we did a little addition .
What we added was that we added to the staff that you would think about the positive things that they were going to do in their lives if they were saving more money .
With this <unk> , there was a rise in the 20 percent drugs and an increase in the number that were interested in saving or what they wanted to put on their savings accounts , four percent .
The third technique is <unk> .
We can handle more categories than options .
For example , this is a study we did in a magazine hallway .
We saw that in the supermarkets , <unk> 's throughout the northeast row , the magazines of magazines can contain from <unk> different types to <unk> .
But , you know ?
Because classification tells me how to distinguish them .
These are two jewelry .
One is called `` <unk> , '' and the other , `` <unk> . ''
If you think the one on the left is <unk> , and the one on the right is <unk> , flip a cigarette .
Okay , there are some of them .
If you think the one on the left is <unk> , and the one on the right is <unk> , flip a cigarette .
Well , something else .
It turns out it 's right .
The one on the left is <unk> , and the one on the right is <unk> . But , you know something ?
This classification scheme is completely useless .
The categories must indicate something you choose , not when defines it .
You often see this problem with these huge funds .
Was I supposed to be informing who are informing ?
My fourth category : <unk> complexity .
It turns out that we can handle much more information than we think , if we just simplify it a little bit .
We need to increase complexity gradually .
I 'm going to show you an example of what I mean .
Let 's see a complicated good thing ; the purchase of a car .
This is a German <unk> manufacturer that allows it completely .
You have to make 60 decisions , to put the car together .
And these decisions vary in the number of choices that offer each one .
<unk> , color outside . I have 56 possibilities .
Motor , box engine , four options .
What I 'm going to do is change the order in which the decisions show up .
So half of the clients are going to go from many choices , 56 colors , a few , four boxes .
The other half of the clients are going to go from a few choices , four boxes , 56 colors , lots of options .
And what am I going to look at ?
How involved you are .
If you always have the default button in every decision , this indicates that they 're overwhelmed , or is it : we 're losing them .
We found that the ones that are going from many options in a few ways , push the button over and over again and again .
We lose them .
If you go from a few options , they go on there .
Same information , same number of options .
The only thing I did was alter the order in which the information is presented .
So if we started the easy , you learn to choose .
Although you pick the box of change , I do n't say anything about the preferences of interior decoration , in all ways it made us choice .
And we 're excited about a product that we 're building now , that we have more engaged with the process .
So , to summarize .
Now , I 've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of the overload of options : <unk> , to make a strange alternatives ; we 're going to make it real ; we 're able to handle it , we can handle more categories with less options ; we 'll get complexity .
All of these techniques that I 've presented to you were designed to help manage alternatives , or better , to use them in your business , or for people who serve .
It 's that I think the key to getting the best of a choice is being careful to choose .
And the more careful we are in our choices better we can practice the art of choice .
Thank you very much .
In the 1980s , in communist Germany , if you had a writing machine , I had to hang out to the government .
I 'd like to register a piece of text that 's written with the machine .
And this for the government could track the origin of texts .
If they were written with the wrong message , they could trace the footprint to the origin of the idea .
In the West , we do n't think somebody could do this , so much that this is going to do the freedom of expression .
We would never do that in our countries .
But today , in 2011 , if you buy a laser color printer from any big manufacturer and print it on a page , that page will end by having some sticky yellow printed yellow on each page that does a pattern that makes them own and from your printer .
That 's happening to us today .
And no one seems to make a lot of fun for this .
This is an example of the ways that our governments use technology against us , citizens .
And it 's one of the three main causes of problems in the network .
If we look at what happens in the online world , we can put out the attacks on their attackers .
There are three main groups .
There are the cybercriminals .
Like Mr. Dimitry <unk> from the city of Kiev , in Ukraine .
The cybercriminals 's cellphone is very easy to understand .
These guys make money .
They use cyberattacks to make a lot of money , huge amounts .
There are really many cases of millionaires online , <unk> , that <unk> money with their attacks .
This is Vladimir <unk> , of <unk> , Estonia .
This is Alfred Gonzalez .
This is Stephen Watt .
This is <unk> <unk> .
These are Matthew Anderson , <unk> <unk> and so on and so on .
So these guys do their fortunes online , but they do it by illegal means through banking trojans , to steal money from our bills when we buy online , or steal our keys to get information from our cards when we bought on a infected computer .
The secret service of the United States , two months ago , froze the Swiss account of this guy , Sam Jain , and this account had <unk> million dollars when it was frozen .
Mr. Jain is over ; you know , stop .
And I say that today is more likely that any of us will be a victim of a real crime .
And it 's very obvious that this is going wrong .
In the future , most crimes happen online .
The second group of attackers in importance that we see today is not driven by money .
There 's another thing that moves them , they motivate them , they motivate them , they motivate them .
Groups like Anonymous have taken over the last 12 months occupying a prominent role in the airplane attacks .
Those are the three attackers : criminals who make it for money , <unk> as Anonymous who are doing it to protest and the last group is the national governments that attack .
And then we see cases like <unk> .
That 's a good example of government attack against its own citizens .
<unk> is a <unk> authority , or actually , it was .
They would go bankrupt last fall because of a <unk> .
They would promote the security of the site , and they took a <unk> .
Last week I asked , in a meeting with Dutch government representatives , I asked one of the leaders if they knew the death of people to cause the attack to <unk> .
And the answer to him was yes .
So how do people die because of a seizure ?
<unk> is an <unk> authority .
<unk> certificates .
What does the certificates serve ?
Well , you need if you have a website with <unk> , services <unk> <unk> , services like Gmail .
Except , <unk> , foreign authority .
And that was called <unk> certificates .
And in the case of <unk> happened exactly that .
And what happened in the Arab Spring and those things that have happened , for example , in Egypt ?
Well , in Egypt , the protesters were responsible for the Egyptian secret police headquarters in April 2011 , and during the aperture of the building , they found a lot of papers .
Among those papers was this folder called `` <unk> . ''
And within that folder , there were notes of a company based in Germany that had sold the Egyptian government tools to intercept large scale from the citizens of the country .
She had sold this tool for 280 euros to the Egyptian government .
The company 's headquarters is right here .
So Western governments provide tools for totalitarian governments to do this to their citizens .
But Western governments also do this to themselves .
For example , in Germany , just a couple of weeks ago , we found <unk> <unk> ; a <unk> used by official government officials to investigate their own citizens .
If you 're suspicious in a criminal case , well , it 's pretty obvious that your phone is <unk> .
But today it goes beyond .
It <unk> the Internet connection .
We 're able to even infect the tools like <unk> <unk> to infect our computer with a <unk> to allow them to see all the communication , and listen to online discussions , to get our data .
When we think closely about things like this , the obvious answer should be `` Well , it seems bad , but it does n't really affect me because I 'm a honest citizen .
Why worry ?
I have nothing to hide . ''
And that argument does n't make sense .
It 's at stake .
Privacy is not arguing .
It 's not a matter of privacy against security .
It 's about freedom against control .
If we could trust our governments today in 2011 , whatever right that we 're going to do today , will be forever .
Do you blindly pay for any future government , in a administration that we could have within 50 years ?
These are the questions that you have to worry about in the next 50 years .
This is where I live . I live in Kenya , in the southern part of Nairobi Park .
These are the cows of my dad , in the back , and behind the cows , the National Park in Nairobi .
The National Park has no fences at the South , which means wild animals like zebras migrate outside of the park .
And predators , like lions , they follow them , and this is what they do .
We <unk> our livestock .
This is one of those who killed at night , and as soon as we wake up in the morning , and we found it died very bad because it was the only bull we had .
My community , the <unk> , we think we came from the sky with our animals and all the land for <unk> , and why we value them so much .
So I grew up hate lions .
They were dying are warriors who protect our community and the livestock , and they 're also mad at the problem .
So they kill lions .
This is one of the six lions who killed Nairobi .
I think this is so few in Nairobi Park .
A child in my community , from age six to nine years , is responsible for the livestock of his father and this was the same thing as I was happening to me .
So I had to find a way to fix this problem .
My first idea was to use fire , because I thought the lions were afraid .
But I realized that actually this did n't work , because even I helped lions see the pen by far .
I did n't give up . He went on .
A second idea was to use a <unk> .
She was trying to deceive the lions to believe that he was near the pen .
But lions are very smart . They came the first day and they saw the <unk> , and they were , but the second day , they came back and said , `` This thing does n't move , it 's always here . So I went down and killed animals .
So one night I was walking around the pen with a torch , and that day the lions did n't come .
I found that lions are afraid of the light that moves .
So I had an idea .
And I got a switch on which I just turn on and off the lights .
And this is a little broken lamp .
You know , everything .
As you can see , the solar cell load the battery and the battery <unk> electricity into the little <unk> box . I call it a transformative .
And the <unk> box makes the lights down .
As you can see , the <unk> give out , because that 's where the lions come from .
And this is how lions see when they come from night .
<unk> lights and <unk> the lions to think that I 'm walking through the pen , but I 'm sleeping in my bed .
Thank you .
So I put them in my house two years ago , and since then , we never had trouble with lions .
And the neighborhood houses heard the idea .
One of them is this grandmother 's grandmother .
She had killed a lot of animals on lions and asked if I could put the lights .
I said yes .
I put them . You can see the background , these are the lights for lions .
Since then , I 've installed them in seven houses in my community and are serving a lot of it .
And my idea also is used by all Kenya now , to freak out other predators like hyenas , leopards , and she 's also used to scare elephants from farms .
Because of this invention , I was fortunate to get a scholarship in one of the best schools in Kenya , <unk> International School , and I 'm very excited .
My new school is now helping to raise funds and <unk> .
It even led my friends to my community and we set up lights in the houses that do n't have them , and I teach them how to put them .
So one year ago , I was just a kid in the meadows of the savanna , the cows of my father , and I used to see airplanes to fly , and he said that one day I would be inside one .
And here I am .
I had a chance to come in a plane for the first time at TED .
My great dream is to be an engineer and a pilot when it grows .
I used to hate lions , but now as my invention is saving the cows of my dad and the lions , we can be with lions without any conflict .
<unk> <unk> . What in my tongue means , thank you very much .
Chris Anderson : You do n't picture how exciting it is to listen to a story like yours .
So you got a scholarship . Richard <unk> : Yes .
CA : You 're working on other electrical inventions .
What 's the next on your list ?
<unk> : My next invention is -- I want to do a little bit about electric . CA : A close to electric ?
<unk> : I know you 've already invented electric fences , but I want to make mine .
CA : You know , I 'll get you back once , right ? And you -- <unk> : I 've tried it before , but I stopped because I got a <unk> . CA : In the foot of the canyon . Richard <unk> , you 're a big thing .
We 're going to <unk> in every step you give , friend of mine .
Thank you very much . <unk> : Thank you very much .
When I was a little bit , I thought my country was the best of the planet .
And I grew up singing a song called `` <unk> nothing . ''
And I felt very proud .
In school , we spent all the time studying the story of Kim <unk> , but we never learned a lot of the rest of the world , except that America , South Korea , Japan are the enemies .
Although I was sometimes asked to ask me about the rest of the world , I thought I would spend my entire life in North Korea , until everything changed .
When I was seven , I saw my first public execution .
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal .
My family was n't poor and I was never hungry .
But one day in 1995 , my mom brought home a letter from my sister 's colleague .
That said , `` When I put this up , the five members of the family will stop there in this world , because we have n't eaten in the last two weeks .
We 're <unk> together on the floor , and our bodies are so weak , that we 're prepared to die . ''
It was very altered .
It was the first time I heard people were suffering in my country .
When I was walking in front of the train station , I saw something terrible that I ca n't erase from my memory .
A <unk> woman was dead in the street , holding a child <unk> in her arms looking at his face of her mother 's face without able to do anything .
Nobody helping them , because they were very concerned about taking care of themselves and their families .
A huge famine shifted to North Korea in the middle of the '90s .
In the end , over a million North Koreans died during famine , and only a few survived eating grass and insects and tree cortex .
They also became more and more prevalent , all around me was completely dark at night except for the sea lights in China , just crossing the river from my home .
I always asked me why they had light and not .
This is a satellite photograph of North Korea in the night compared to the neighboring countries .
This is the <unk> river , which serves limit between North Korea and China .
As you can see , the river can be very narrow at certain points , allowing North Koreans to cross secretly .
But many people die .
Sometimes , I saw bodies floating around in the river .
I ca n't reveal the details of how I came out from North Korea , but I can only say that during the years of hunger , I was sent to China to live with distant relatives .
But I just thought I 'd be separated from my family for a short time .
I could never have imagined that it would take 14 years to go back to live together .
In China , it was difficult to live as a young woman without my family without my family .
I had no idea what life looks like as a refugee refugee .
But soon I learned that it 's not just extremely difficult , but also dangerous , because the North North Koreans in China were considered illegal immigrants .
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was revealed , and it would be <unk> to a horrible destination in North Korea .
One day , my worst nightmare became reality , when I was arrested for the Chinese police and <unk> in the police station .
Somebody had been accused of being <unk> , then I put my skills in the Chinese language and asked me a lot of questions .
He was <unk> .
I thought my heart was going to explode .
If it did n't look natural , it could be incarcerated and <unk> .
I thought my life was going to end .
But I got to control my emotions and said the questions .
At the end of the interrogation , one officer told another , `` This was a false report . She 's not <unk> . ''
And they let me go . It was a miracle .
Some North Koreans in China seek asylum .
But many of them can be arrested by the Chinese officer and <unk> .
These women were very lucky .
Even though they had captured it , they were eventually released after a harsh international pressure .
These North Koreans did n't have so much luck .
Every year , countless North Koreans are caught in China and <unk> to North Korea , where they are tortured , imprisoned or executed in public .
Although I was fortunate to escape , many other North Koreans have n't had so much luck .
It 's tragic that North Koreans have to hide their identities and fight so hard just to survive .
Even after learning a new language and finding work , everyone can make it in a moment .
That 's why , after 10 years of hiding my identity , I decided to risk in South Korea going to South Korea .
And I started a new life again .
<unk> in South Korea was a much greater challenge than I expected .
English was very important in South Korea , I had to start learning my third language .
Also , I understood that there was a big gap between North and South .
We are all Koreans , but inside , we 've come to be very different from 67 years of division .
And I even went through a crisis crisis .
Am I <unk> or <unk> ?
Where am I ? Who am I ?
Suddenly there was no country I could call with pride of mine .
Even though we were living in South Korea was n't easy , I did a plan . I started studying for the university exam .
Just when I started to <unk> my new life , I got an alarming call .
North Korea authorities had some money that sent my family , and as punishment , my family was going to be displaced to the force for a location outside .
They had to flee immediately .
So I started planning how to help them escape .
North Koreans have to travel long distances on the way to freedom .
It 's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea .
So , ironically , I took a flight to China and went to the border to North Korea .
Since my family could n't speak Chinese , I had to guide them , somehow , for more than 3,000 miles across China , and then through Southeast Asia .
The journey in <unk> took a week , and we were almost stuck several times .
Once , our bus was arrested and dealing with a Chinese officer officer .
He asked them all , and he started asking them questions .
As my family could n't understand Chinese , I thought my family was going to be arrested .
When the Chinese official came to my family , I was impulse , and I told him that they were <unk> people that I was accompanying .
He looked at me , but fortunately I did .
We did all the way to the Laos border .
But I had to spend almost all of my money to bribe border guards in Laos .
But even after spending the border , my family was arrested and imprisoned for crossing the border of illegally .
After paying fees and bribes , my family was released in a month .
But in time , my family was arrested and incarcerated again in the capital capital .
This was one of the lowest points in my life .
I did everything to release my family , and we were so close to , but my family was <unk> in prison , short of the embassy of South Korea .
I was going to go between the immigration office and the police station , desperately trying to liberate my family .
But I did n't have enough money to pay more bribes , or deposit fees .
I lost hope .
At that time , or the voice of a man will ask , `` What 's the problem ? ''
I was so surprised that a stranger would mind asking .
With my poor English and a dictionary , I explained the situation , and without hesitation , the man was to the ATM , and he gave me the rest of the money for my family , and for another two North Koreans , and take them out of prison .
I thank all of my heart , and I asked him , `` Why do I help me ? ''
`` I 'm not helping you , '' he said to me .
`` I 'm helping people <unk> . ''
I realized that was a symbolic moment in my life .
The kind unknown to me is a new hope for me and the people we needed when we needed it more .
And he showed me that the kindness of strangers and the support of the international community are really the rays of hope that the <unk> people need .
Over time , after our long journey , my family and I met in South Korea .
But to achieve their freedom , it 's only half the battle .
Many North Koreans are separated from their families , and when they migrate to a new country , they start with little or none of money .
So , we can benefit from the international community with education , practices of English language , work practices , and more .
We can also act as a bridge between people within North Korea and the rest of the world .
Because many of us are still in contact with familiar with still , and we send information and money that is helping to change North Korea from inside .
I 've been very lucky , I 've received a lot of help and inspiration in my life , so I want to help North Koreans an opportunity to thrive with international support .
I 'm sure you 're going to see more and more North Koreans , including in the TED stage .
Thank you .
I live in South Central Central .
This is South Central Central stores , fast food , <unk> land .
So the city planners met , and they thought , we 're going to change the name of the South Central Center to represent something else , so they changed it to L.A. , as if this is actually going to be wrong in the city .
This is Los Angeles . <unk> of <unk> , fast food , <unk> land .
Just like <unk> million other Americans , live in a food desert , L.A. , South Central and South , home places to take and eat in the car .
The curious thing is that the food places to take kill more people than food food .
People are dying of curable diseases in Los Angeles .
For example , the obesity rate in my neighborhood is five times greater than , say , Beverly Hills , which is about 15 kilometers away .
I emphasize that this will happen .
And I wonder , how would you feel if they do n't have access to healthy food , and if every time they come out of the house , you see the harmful effects that the current food system has in their neighborhood ?
I look at wheelchair bought and sold as used cars .
I see dialysis centers like Starbucks .
And I consider this to stop .
I think the problem is the solution .
Food is the problem , and it 's the solution .
And I got tired of driving 45 minutes away and turn to buy an apple that has no pesticides .
What I did , it was planting a forest in front of my house .
In a land strip we call a gardening .
It 's about 45 feet .
The point is , it belongs to the city .
But you have to keep it .
I said , `` Well , I can do what I come in wins , because it 's my responsibility , and I have to keep it . ''
That 's how I decided to keep it .
So my group and I , L.A. Green <unk> , we put us together and we started to plant our food forest , <unk> trees , you know , nine whole vegetables .
What we do , we 're a kind of paid group in advance by gardeners of all the backgrounds , all over the city and completely voluntary , and everything we do is free .
And the garden , I was beautiful .
Then someone complained .
The city looked at me , and in summary , they gave me a <unk> saying that I had to retire my garden , the <unk> made order .
And I said , `` Come on , do you really ?
A criminal order to plant food on a piece of land that nobody cares ? '' So I was like , `` Well , let 's go . ''
Because this time was n't going to happen .
The L.A. Times had the story written by Steve <unk> , and he talked about <unk> and one of the members of Green <unk> , who put a petition in <unk> , with 900 signatures , was successful .
We had victory in our hands .
My <unk> even called to say that <unk> and loved what we were doing .
I mean , let 's go , why is n't it ?
L.A. is the city of America , with more <unk> terrain .
It has 68 miles of <unk> land .
That 's the equivalent of 20 Central Parks .
That 's enough space to plant <unk> million tomato plants .
Why the hell does n't it look like this ?
And we 'll build a plant to give a thousand , 10,000 seeds .
When a dollar of <unk> will give you 75 dollars of output .
It 's my anthem , when I tell people , grows your own food .
You know , your own food is like printing your own money .
You see , I have a legacy for South Central .
I grew up there . I got my kids out there .
I became part of this <unk> reality that was <unk> for others , and I 'm going to manufacture my own reality .
You see , I 'm an artist .
<unk> is my graffiti , I grow my art .
As an graffiti artist , that <unk> walls , me <unk> soils , <unk> <unk> .
I use the garden , the land , as a piece of canvas , and the plants and the trees , are my <unk> of that canvas .
You 'd be surprised to see what the earth can do .
You simply ca n't imagine how amazing it is a sunflower and how it affects people .
What happened ?
I witnessed how my garden became an education tool , of transformation of my neighborhood .
To change the community , you have to change the composition of the land .
We are the land .
You 'd be surprised to see how they affect kids .
<unk> is the most therapeutic and provocative act you can do , especially in a <unk> .
Also , they get strawberries .
I remember one occasion , who came a mother , and her daughter , were like the 10:30 o'clock at night and they were in my garden , went out and looked very <unk> .
I , well , man , I felt bad that they were there , and I said , you know , you do n't have to do this .
This is on the street for one reason .
I felt ashamed to see people who were so close to me with starvation , and this just reinforces why I do this , people ask me , `` <unk> , do n't anyone go to steal your food ? ''
I say , `` Oh God not , I 'm not afraid you 're going to steal . ''
That 's on the street .
That 's what it is about .
I want you to take it , but I want to take your health care . ''
There was another time that I put a garden in a shelter in the Los Angeles in Los Angeles .
They were these guys , who helped me download the truck .
It was fabulous , I was shared his stories about how this had affected them and how it used to plant her mom and her grandmother , and it was fabulous to see how this changed , so it was just for a moment .
So Green <unk> has come to plant maybe 20 garden .
We 've had , like about 50 people who come in , work and participate , all in voluntary plan .
If kids farm <unk> , kids will eat <unk> .
If you farm tomatoes , you 'll eat tomatoes , but if none of this is taught , if you 're not taught how the food affects your mind and body , they eat blind what they 're in front of .
I see young people who want to work , but they have this thing in which they 're stuck . I see kids of color who are on this path designed for them , that leads them to nowhere .
With gardening , I see an opportunity where we can train these kids who are <unk> from their communities to have a sustainable life .
And when we do this , who knows ?
Maybe you produce the next George Washington <unk> .
But if we do n't change the composition of the land , we will never .
Now this is one of my plans , this is something I want to do .
I want to plant a whole block of gardens , where people can share food on the same block .
I want to take containers and turn them into healthy coffee .
Do n't get me wrong .
I 'm not talking about free things because free is not sustainable .
The funny thing about sustainability is you have to <unk> .
What I 'm talking about is to put people working , take the kids out of the street , who know the joy , the pride and the honor of growing their own food , opening up farmers ' markets .
What I want to do here , we need to make it sexy .
I want everyone to become <unk> <unk> , <unk> , gardeners <unk> .
We have to change the script of what a <unk> is .
If you 're not an gardener , you 're not a <unk> .
So let 's take your backhoe off ?
That 's their weapon of choice .
In addition , if you want to meet with me , well , if you want to see me , you do n't call me if you want to sit in comfortable chairs and have meetings talking about doing some crap -- to talk about making some crap .
If you want to see me , come to the garden with your shovel , so we can plant something .
Peace . Thank you .
Thank you .
( <unk> sound ) You probably all agree with me where this is a very nice road .
It 's made of asphalt , and asphalt is a good material to drive , but not always , especially in days like today , which is it it rains .
You can have a lot of water on asphalt that goes forward .
And especially if they 're riding on your bike , and these cars go , that 's not very enjoyable .
Also , asphalt can make a lot of noise .
It 's a noisy material , and if we build roads , like the Netherlands , very close to cities , we 'd want a quiet road .
The solution for that is to do <unk> roads .
The porous asphalt , a material that we use now in most of the roads in the Netherlands , has pores , and the water can go through it , so all the rainwater water flows sideways and you have a road because it 's easy to drive , and they 're not going to get water anymore .
Noise also disappear in these pores .
Because it 's very hole , all the noise will disappear , so it 's a very quiet road .
It also has disadvantages , of course , and the downside of this road is that you can get rid of it .
What is to get rid of ? You see , on this road , the stones on the surface are coming out .
First one , then more and more and more and so on , and then -- well , I wo n't do that , but you can hurt your windshield , and you can not be happy with that .
And finally , this can also lead to more and more damage .
Sometimes you can create bump into that .
Ah . He 's ready .
<unk> , of course , that you can become a problem , but we have a solution .
You can actually see how the damage appears in this material .
It 's a porous asphalt , as I said , so it just has a little bit of <unk> between stones .
Because of the open , the ultraviolet light , to oxidation , this <unk> , this <unk> , the glue between the <unk> , <unk> , and if it <unk> , they will be <unk> and <unk> from <unk> .
So , if you drive along the road , you 'll take the <unk> -- we 've seen it here .
To solve this problem , we think about <unk> materials .
If we can make this material be <unk> , then we probably have a solution .
So what we can do is use steel wool , of that to clean up , and we can cut out the steel wool into very small chunks , and we can mix those little bits into the <unk> .
So we have asphalt with little bits of steel wool on it .
Then you need a machine , like that you see here , you use to cook -- a induction machine .
The induction can heat , especially steel , is very good at that .
So what you need to do is to do it heat up the steel , melt the <unk> , the <unk> flowing through these <unk> and stones down again to the surface .
Today I used a microwave oven , because I ca n't bring the big induction machine here on the stage .
The microwave oven is a similar system .
I put the sample , I 'm going to take you out to see what happened .
This is the sample that comes out now .
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat up the samples .
We tried lots of samples out there and then the government , you really saw our results , and they thought , `` Well , that 's very interesting . We need to try . ''
So we gave us a little bit of the road , 400 meters of the <unk> highway , where we had to make a lane of trial to test this material .
So that 's what we did there . You see where we were doing the road test , and then , of course , this road lasts several years without any harm . That 's what we know about .
We took lots of samples from this road , and we tested them in the lab .
We did aging , we 've put the samples , we put a lot of charge on them , and then the ones later with our induction machine and the worlds , and we were able to test it back .
We can repeat this many times .
Well , to wrap up , I can tell you that we 've done a material using steel fibers , bringing these fibers , using induction energy to actually increase the life on the road surface , even they can double the life of the surface , they 're actually saving a lot of money with very simple tricks .
And now , of course , they 're curious about whether this also worked .
We still have the sample here . It 's quite hot .
Actually , you have to cool first before I can show you how repair it does .
But I 'm going to do an attempt .
Let 's see . Yes , it worked .
Thank you .
When I was 11 years old , I remember feeling one morning with the <unk> sound in my house .
My father was listening to BBC News on his little gray radio .
He had a great smile on his face that was unusual at those times , because the news is usually <unk> .
`` The Taliban went out , `` I screamed at my father .
I did n't know what it meant , but I could see my father was very , very happy .
`` Now you can go to a real school , '' he said to me .
One morning I will never forget .
A real school .
You see , I was six years old when the Taliban came out of Afghanistan and made girls illegal to go to school .
For the next five years , I joined me as a child to get my older sister , who could no longer be used outside , to go to a secret school .
It was the only way that the two could be educated .
Every day , we took a different route so that no one could suspect where we were going .
We had to hide the books in markets , so that it looks like we go shopping .
The school was in a house , more than 100 , <unk> , in a small room .
It was nice in the winter , but extremely hot in summer .
We all knew that we 're going to <unk> our lives ; the teacher , the students and our parents .
Occasionally , the school suddenly closed a week , because the Taliban suspect .
We always wondered what they knew from us .
Were they following us ?
Did you know where we lived ?
We were <unk> , but still , the school was where we wanted to be .
I was very lucky to grow in a family where education was <unk> and the daughters is a treasure .
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time .
A total <unk> of a remote province in Afghanistan , <unk> in that her daughter , my mother , went to school , and so his father was <unk> .
But my Harvard-educated mother became a teacher .
This is her .
He retired about two years ago , just to turn our house into girls and girls in our neighborhood .
And my father , this is the first of his family to receive education .
There was no doubt that his children had to receive education , even their daughters , despite the Taliban , despite the risks .
For him , there was a higher risk in not to educate her children .
During the years of the Taliban , I remember there were moments where I was very frustrated about our life and I was always scared and I did n't see a future .
I wanted to quit , but my father said , `` <unk> , my daughter , you can lose anything you have in life .
They can steal your money . You can force yourself to leave your house during a war .
But there 's one thing that will always be with you , which is here , and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education , we 'll do it .
So , do you still want to continue ? ''
I 'm 22 years old .
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed for decades of war .
Less than six percent of my age have more than high school , and if my family had n't been so committed to my education , I would be one of them .
Instead , I find myself here proud to graduate at <unk> College .
When I went back to Afghanistan , my grandfather , who was her home for the courage to educate her daughters , was one of the first ones to congratulate me .
He did n't just fall away from my college degree , but also that I was the first woman , and I 'm the first woman who drove him on the streets of Kabul .
My family believes in me .
I dream in big , but my family has even bigger dreams for me .
That 's why I 'm the global ambassador , a global campaign to educate women .
That 's why <unk> <unk> , the first one , maybe the only private school for girls in Afghanistan , a country where it is still risky for girls to go to school .
The exciting thing is , I see students in my school with the strong desire to take advantage of opportunity .
And I see their parents and their families who , like mine , <unk> for them , despite and still in front of a daunting opposition .
As Ahmed . It 's not his name , and I ca n't show you his face , but Ahmed is my father 's father .
It 's less than a month ago , he and his daughter went from his way from <unk> to his village , and literally they escaped from being killed by a bomb on the road , for minutes .
When you get to your house , they 're the phone , a voice had noticed that if he was still sending his daughter to school , they would try it .
`` <unk> , if you want , '' he said , `` but not harm the future of my daughter for your old daughter and <unk> ideas . ''
What I 've met from Afghanistan , and it 's something that is often forgotten in the West , is that behind the most <unk> , there 's a father who recognized the value of his daughter , and he sees the success of her own success .
It does n't mean that our mothers have not been key to our success .
In fact , they 're often the first <unk> <unk> of their daughters , but in the context of a society like Afghanistan , we need the support of men .
Under the Taliban , the girls who went to school in a hundred -- remember , it was illegal .
But today , more than three million girls go to school in Afghanistan .
Afghanistan looks so different from here in America .
I find Americans see the fragility of changes .
I fear these changes not last long , after the retirement of the U.S. troops .
But when I come back to Afghanistan , when I see students in my school , when I see students in my school , who <unk> for them , that animate them , I see a <unk> future and lasting change .
For me , Afghanistan is a country of hope , endless possibilities , and every day , the girls of <unk> remind me .
Like me , they dream of big .
Thank you .
Never , I 've never forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in exile : `` <unk> , <unk> Gaddafi . ''
But you never go back to a revolutionary style of Gaddafi . ''
They 've spent almost two years since the <unk> revolution was inspired by the surge of massive <unk> of the Tunisian revolution as the Egyptian revolution .
A forces with many other <unk> citizens , within and outside of the country to call a day of rage and initiate a revolution against the <unk> regime of Gaddafi .
And we did it ; it was a big revolution .
Women and young men were at the forefront , pushing the fall of the regime , carrying up freedom of freedom , their dignity and social justice .
You 've shown a courage copy the face of the brutal dictatorship of Gaddafi .
They 've shown a great sense of solidarity from the Far East , to west , to the south .
Finally , after a period of six months of <unk> war and some loss of about 50,000 dead , we managed to liberate our country and remove the tyrant .
However , Gaddafi left a heavy load , a legacy of tyranny , corruption and seeds of disruption .
For four decades , the <unk> <unk> regime destroyed the infrastructure , the culture and the moral structure of society .
Be aware of the devastation and the challenges , I loved , alongside many other women , rebuild civil civil society , pushing a inclusive and fair transition to democracy and national reconciliation .
There are approximately 200 organizations in <unk> during , and immediately after the fall of Gaddafi , about 300 in <unk> .
After a period of 33 years of exile , I went back to Libya and with a single enthusiasm , started organizing workshops about developing capabilities , and leadership skills .
With an incredible group of women , we founded the Women 's treatment , a movement of women , leaders , of the very diverse , of leaders , to advocate for the <unk> autonomy of women and for our right of participation equal in building democracy and peace .
I found myself a very difficult environment in the <unk> period -- an environment that was increasingly <unk> , which is <unk> from selfish policies of domination and exclusion .
And over time , our initiative was approved and successful .
Women won a <unk> percent of the National Congress in the early elections in 52 years .
However , little bit , the exhilaration of the election and the revolution as a whole , they were disappearing ; every day we found the news of violence .
One day we woke up with the news of the <unk> of ancient mosques and Sufi graves .
Another day <unk> with the story of the murder of the American ambassador and the attack on <unk> .
Another day we woke up with the news of official officials from the army .
And every day , every day , we woke up with the militias of militias , and their currents violations of human rights women and their lack of respect for the law .
Our society , made out of a revolutionary mindset , becomes more , and has been away from the ideals of freedom and principles of freedom , dignity , social justice , we had at the beginning .
intolerance , exclusion , vengeance became the icons of the consequences of revolution .
I 'm not here today at all to inspire our history of the <unk> list and the elections .
I 'm so here today to confess that we , as a nation , we 're choosing to badly , make the wrong decision .
We do n't prioritize .
Because elections did n't have peace , stability and security and security .
<unk> list and <unk> between candidates and candidate reconciliation and national reconciliation ?
No , they did n't .
What happened then ?
Why is our society still polarized and dominated , with selfish policies of dominance and exclusion , both men like women ?
Perhaps what was missing was not only women , but women 's values , mercy and inclusion .
Our society needs national dialogue and the creation of consensus than needed choices , which only transcend polarization and divide .
Our nation needs the qualitative representation of the feminine representation of the feminine representation that will need numerical representation and quantitative .
We need to stop acting as outrage and calling days of anger .
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and mercy .
We have to develop a female speech , which not only do it do , but it will also put mercy instead of revenge , which is collaboration instead of competition , inclusion instead of exclusion .
These are the ideals that Libya , shattered through war , needs desperately to reach peace .
Because peace has a alchemy that 's all about the interrelationship and the <unk> between female perspectives and male perspectives .
That 's the real <unk> .
We need to establish that in an existential way before we do it anyway .
According to a <unk> of the Koran <unk> -- the peace -- `` is the word of the merciful God , [ <unk> , compassionate ] . ''
At the same time , the word `` <unk> , '' which is known in all of the sudden traditions , has the same root in Arabic that the word `` <unk> '' -- uterus -- <unk> feminine and motherly , which unfolds all of the humanity that men and women , of the one tribe , and all the people have <unk> .
And so , just like the uterus covers the embryo , which grows inside , the divine matrix of compassion is all about existence .
It 's like , `` My mercy looks all things . ''
This is what it says to us , `` My mercy is prevalent in my anger . ''
That everybody 's amused with you .
Thank you .
I 'm here today to tell you about a disturbing question , which has an equally spooky response .
It 's about the secrets of domestic violence , and the question I 'm going to address is that everybody 's going to be : Why is it left ?
Why was anyone going to stay with a man who sticks him ?
I 'm not a psychiatrist , no social worker , no expert on domestic violence .
I 'm just a woman with a story to tell .
I was 22 years old . I had had a <unk> at Harvard University .
I had moved to New York for my first job as a writer and editor in the <unk> magazine .
I had my first apartment , my first green American green Express , and he had a very big secret .
My secret was that many , many times , the man , who creates my twin soul , was diving through the head with a gun , <unk> with bullets .
The man , he loved more than anyone in this world , put a gun in my head and threatened to kill me more than I can remember .
I 'm here to tell you the story of `` crazy love , '' a psychological trap , in love in love , where they fall every year of women , and even some men .
It could be his story .
I do n't look like a typical survivor of domestic violence .
I 'm <unk> at Harvard University , and I have an MBA at <unk> at the Business Business School .
I 've spent most of my career working for `` Fortune 500 , '' among them Johnson & Johnson & Johnson , Leo <unk> and The Washington Post .
I 'm about 20 years married with my second husband , and we have three children .
My dog is a black man , and I drive a <unk> <unk> Odyssey .
So my first message for you is that domestic violence can happen to anyone , all races , all of religion , all income levels and education .
It 's everywhere .
And my second message is that everybody thinks that domestic violence happens to women , which is a problem of women .
Not exactly .
Over 85 percent of <unk> are men , and domestic abuse only happens in intimate , interdependent and long-term abuse , or , in the families , the last place where we want or we would expect , or we would expect to find violence , because the domestic abuse is so puzzling .
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world who sticks with a man who sticks him , and I was a very typical victim because of my age .
I was 22 years old , and in the United States , women in between 16 and 24 years have three times more likely to be victims of domestic violence that the other ages , and over 500 women and girls of that age are killed every year by couples , boyfriends and husbands in the United States .
I also was a typical victim because I did n't know anything about domestic violence , his warning signs or his patterns .
I met <unk> in a cold and rainy night of January .
I was sitting on my side on the subway in New York City , and he started to join me .
He said two things .
The first one was that he had just been <unk> from a college university , and I was working on a very important bank of Wall Street .
But what struck me most in that first encounter was that it was smart and fun , and it looked like a guy in the field .
He had a few big <unk> like apples , and a black hair , and it seemed so sweet .
And one of the smartest things that did <unk> , from the beginning , was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the mate .
He did it about all the <unk> on a pedestal .
We began to go out and loved everything from me : I was ready , I 'd gone to Harvard , who had been passionate about helping girls , and my job .
I wanted to know everything about my family , my childhood , my dreams and illusions .
<unk> believed in me , as a writer , as a woman , like nobody had ever done it .
And it was why the bachelor 's at that <unk> school and the work on Wall Street and his bright future had so much importance for him .
I did n't know that the first phase in any relationship of domestic violence is seduced and <unk> the victim .
And I did n't know that the second step is <unk> .
Now , the last thing I wanted to do was go from New York and leave my dreams of my dreams , but I thought that I had to do sacrifices for your partner , so I accepted , I left my job and <unk> and I went together from Manhattan .
I had no idea that he was falling in a `` insane love , '' which was entering head in a physical , financial trap , and a carefully poised .
The next step in the pattern of domestic violence is to introduce the threat of violence to see how it reacts .
And this is where those guns come in .
As soon as we moved to New England , you know , that site where it was supposed to be so safe to buy three guns .
One was in the <unk> of the car .
And another guy underneath the pillow in our bed and the third always in his pocket .
And he said I needed those gun guns because of the trauma that I lived in small .
He needed them to feel safe .
But those guns were actually a message for me and , although I never had my hands up , my life was seriously danger , every minute of every day .
The first physical attack happened five days before our wedding .
They were seven in the morning , and I still had the <unk> .
Five days later , when the top 10 bruises of my neck had disappeared , I got my wedding suit of my mother and married him .
Despite what had happened , I was sure we were living happily in forever , because I loved it , and he also wanted me .
And I was very , very regretted it .
I just felt very overwhelmed by the wedding and the fact that I had a family with me .
It had been an isolated accident , and I 'd never hurt it .
I spent twice as our honey moon .
The first time I was driving into a secret beach and lost me , and he gave me so strong in my head that he was going to give several times against the window of the car .
And then a couple of days later , driving back from our honey moon , fell down in traffic and threw a Big Mac cold to the face .
They were going on by taking one or twice a week for the next two and a half years of our marriage .
I was scared when I thought it was the only one in this situation .
One in three American women is a victim of domestic violence or harassing at some point in his life , and the Center for Disease Control tells us that every year 15 million children are abused , 15 million .
So , actually , I had very good company .
Going back to my question : Why did I stand ?
The answer is simple .
I did n't know he was abusing me .
Instead , I was a very strong woman , in love with a profoundly <unk> man , and it was the only person in the world who could help navigate their demons .
The other question everybody does is : Why do n't we just go ?
Why did n't I go ? I could have been at any time .
This is the saddest and painful question that people , because we , the victims , we know something that normally you ignore : it 's incredibly dangerous to abandon a <unk> .
Because the last phase in the domestic violence pattern is kill her .
More than 70 percent of the United States of domestic violence occur after the victim has put an end to the relationship , after leaving , because then the <unk> has nothing to lose .
Other repercussions include permanent harassment , even after the <unk> has come back to marry , <unk> from financial resources , and the manipulation of the family judicial system to bring them to the victim and their children , who normally are forced by judges to spend time not by judges to spend the man who went to their mother .
And we still keep asking why it just does n't go ?
I was able to go , because of one last beat beat beat my denial .
I realized that the man who loved so much , he would have killed me if it was allowed .
So I broke the silence .
I told everybody about the world : the police , my neighbors , my friends and family and full strangers , and I 'm here today because all of you .
We have the tendency to <unk> victims like spooky headlines , <unk> women , damaged goods .
The question , `` Why is it left ? ''
Some people is a way to say , `` blame is yours for staying , '' as if the victims were going to love in love with men who want to destroy us .
But since I published `` Love '' , I 've heard hundreds of stories of men and women who also escaped , who learned a invaluable lesson from what happened to them , and that <unk> their lives joyful and happy lives like pioneers , wives and mothers , completely free lives of violence , like mine .
Because it turns out that I 'm actually a victim and a survivor of domestic domestic violence .
I became married with a cute , cute man , and we have those three children .
I have this black <unk> and also that <unk> .
What I 'm going to do is never have ever ever ever ever ever had , ever , is a gun <unk> pointing my head in somebody 's hands who say he wants .
At this point , you 're thinking , `` <unk> , that 's fascinating , '' or `` <unk> , '' or `` <unk> , '' or `` <unk> , '' but all this time , I 've actually been talking about you .
I assure you , there 's a few people who are listening to me right now , who are being battered or that they were being battered , or they 're <unk> themselves .
<unk> could be affecting their daughter , their daughter , their best friend .
I was able to end my crazy love love breaking the silence .
And I keep doing it today .
It 's my way to help other victims , and that 's my last request towards you .
Talk about what you 've heard here .
<unk> abuse alone in silence .
They have the power to finish with domestic violence simply shedding light on it .
The victims need everybody .
We need each one of you understand the secrets of domestic violence .
Take the abuse of the light talking about it with their kids , their coworkers , their friends and family .
They were taking their vision of survivors like fantastic , charming people , who have a full future .
And we had the early signs of violence to intervene consciously , to slow down their climb and show victims a safe way .
Together , we can convert our beds , our tables and our families in the oasis secure and peaceful that should be .
Thank you .
Hi . I call me Cameron Russell , and for a while , I 'm a model .
To be precise , for 10 years .
And I feel that right now , there 's an awkward tension in the room , because I should n't have got dressed , so I 'm lucky , I 've brought back clothes to change .
This is the first shift in clothing on a TED stage , so you have a lot of <unk> , I think .
If some of the women were horrified when I come up , you do n't have to <unk> now , but I 'll find it later on Twitter .
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of power to change what you think about me in just 10 seconds .
Not everybody has that opportunity .
So these heels are very uncomfortable ; less wrong I do n't have to use them .
The worst part is to go through this sweater , because it 's when they 're going to laugh at me , so do n't do anything while I 'm covering my head .
All right .
Why have I done this ?
It 's been embarrassing .
Well , I hope not as much as this picture .
appearance is powerful , but also shallow .
I 've totally changed what they thought about me in six seconds .
And in this picture , I never had a boyfriend in the real life .
I was totally uncomfortable , and the photographer would tell me to put my back , and I 'll give you the hair 's hair .
Of course , safe with surgery , or a tan , like the one that I made two days ago for the work , there 's very little to be able to transform our way , which , even though shallow and unchanging , has a huge impact on our lives .
So today , to me , being courageous , is to be honest .
I 'm on this stage because I 'm a model .
Because I 'm a nice , white woman , and in my workforce , that 's going to be a sexy girl .
I 'm going to answer the questions that people always do , but quite honest .
The first question is , how do you get a model ?
And I always say : A <unk> discovered me , but that does n't mean anything .
The real reason I made model is because I won the genetic lottery , and I 'm the beneficiary of a heritage , and maybe you 're wondering what this heritage is .
Well , in the last centuries , we have not only defined beauty as a health , youth and symmetry , which we are biologically programmed to admire , we 've also partnered with a high and <unk> shape , <unk> and white skin .
And that 's my heritage , heritage that I 've known to use to make money .
And I know there are people in the audience who are now showing up , and maybe there are some lovers of the fashion you say -- wait . There they are Naomi , <unk> , Joan <unk> , Liu Wn .
First of all , you know , you know , it 's so much of models . It 's amazing .
But unfortunately , I have to report that in 2007 , a Ph.D. student at NYU , I told each other and each of the models on the runway , and from <unk> models , only 27 , is to say , less than four percent , not white .
The next question that people always do is : Can it be model when it 's older ?
And my first answer is , I do n't know , I do n't take care of that .
But later , what I would tell you about every one of these girls is : Why ? You can be whatever you want .
You can be president of the United States , or the inventor of the next Internet , or a <unk> <unk> surgeon , which would be awesome , because you 're the first one .
If after this spectacular list , they still insist , no , Cameron , I want to be a model , then I say , `` Oh , I know my boss . ''
Because I 'm not in charge of nothing , and you could be the head of newsroom in American <unk> magazine , or the CEO ' executive director , or the next Steven <unk> .
To say , you want to say , you want to be a model , is like saying you want to win the lottery when you 're older .
It 's out of your control , it 's amazing , and it 's not a job that you can choose .
I 'm going to show you all that I learned in 10 years as a model , because , unlike <unk> surgery , it can be summed up right now .
I do n't know what happened there .
Sadly , once you 've already completed your studies , and you have a rsum and a few jobs on your back , no matter what you say , `` If you say , you said , you said you want to be president of the United States , but your rsum would say , Model clothing for 10 years , people would look at you weird .
The next question that people are always doing is if all the photos would be done .
And yeah , virtually all the pictures , but that 's just a small part of what happens .
This was the first picture they took me , and also the first time I used a bikini , and I did n't even have my period yet .
I know we 're entering the personal ground , but it was a girl .
So I looked at my grandmother a few months before .
These two pictures are the same day .
My friend came with me .
Here I am in a pajama party a few days before the photos for French <unk> .
Here I am with my soccer team and in the magazine .
And this is me today .
And I hope you 'll realize that I 'm not me in those pictures .
They 're creations of a group of professionals , <unk> , <unk> , photographers and <unk> , and all of their <unk> and <unk> people , and they get to create this . That 's not me .
Well , the next question that people are always doing is : Do you do free things for free ?
I have too many feet about six inches , and I never use , except the privilege I get here are the ones I get in real life , and we do n't like to speak .
I grew up in Cambridge , and once went to a store , and I forgot to take money , and they gave me the free dress .
When I was a teenager , I was traveling with my friend who was a bad driver ; she jumped a red light , and , of course , up , and it took one , and it took a sorry , agent so that we could keep driving .
I love my privilege for me , not for what I am , and there are people who are paying for a price no matter who they are .
I live in New York City , and last year , from <unk> teenagers , and <unk> , 86 percent were black and Latino , and most of them were young men .
And there are only young black men and Latino men in New York , so for them , it 's not a question of <unk> ?
So how many times do I get married ? And when ?
When I investigate this talk , I learned that at 53 percent of the girls in the United States do n't like their body , and that number goes up to 78 percent .
So , the last question that people ask me is : How is it the life of a model ?
And I think the answer they 're expecting is : If you 're a little thinner and you have the most bright hair , you 're going to be happy and fantastic .
And behind the cameras , we give an answer that might look like it .
We say it 's really wonderful to travel , and also amazing to be able to work with creative and passionate people .
And all of that is true , but it 's just a part of what happens , because what we never say in front of the cameras , I 've never said in front of them , is : I 'm insecure .
And I 'm because I have to worry about my look every day .
And if you ever ask yourself , with some thinner , the brightest hair and the brightest hair will be happier ?
They only have to meet with a group of models , because they have the thinner , the brightest hair and the more fashion clothes , but it 's probably the other physically women on the planet .
But especially it was hard to analyze a situation of racial oppression and gender when I am one of the biggest <unk> .
If there is something to hold from this talk , I hope you all feel more comfortable to recognize the power of the image in the perception we have of success and failure .
Thank you .
Photography has been my passion since I was older enough to attach a camera , but I want to share with you my 15 photos most precious , and I did n't get me who got them out .
There was no artistic directors , no <unk> , no opportunity to repeat the photos , not even very carefully at the lighting .
In fact , most people took random tourists .
My story begins when , <unk> in New York City to give a lecture , my wife took me this picture , holding my daughter on the day of his first birthday -- that 's the corner of 57 and five .
He just happened to go back to New York just a year later , so we decided to get the same picture .
Well , you can imagine what comes now .
When the third birthday of my daughter was approaching my daughter , my wife said to me , `` Why do n't you take you back to New York on a <unk> trip and you continue to ritual ? ''
So here 's when we started to ask the tourists that passed us to get the picture .
It 's amazing that the gesture of delivering the camera to a complete stranger is so universal .
No one has ever been denied and , fortunately , no one has ever done with the camera .
At the time , we were n't aware of how much life would change this journey .
It became something sacred to us .
This photo is a few weeks after the <unk> , and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that day that a five-year-old could understand it .
These photos are much more than representations of a concrete moment or a specific journey .
It 's also a way to stop time in a week in October , and we think about our time and our evolution over the years , and not only at the physical level , but in all the senses .
Because even though we 've always got the same picture , our daughter changes , my daughter reaches new milestones , and I can see life through his eyes and how you perceived and interact with everything .
That concrete time we spend together is something we expect with illusion all the year .
Recently , in one of the trips , we were walking around , when all of a sudden , he stopped dry and pointed out a red <unk> of the dollhouse of the dollhouse that I loved little on previous visits .
And he described to me what made sense of the five years in that same place .
<unk> that he remembered his heart of <unk> force when I saw that place for the first time nine years ago .
And now what you see in New York is universities , because it 's determined to study in New York City .
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things we create are memories .
So , I want to share the idea of actively engaging in conscious creation of memories .
I do n't know about you , but apart from these 15 pictures , I do n't go out in many of the family photos .
I 'm always the one that comes out .
Today , I want to encourage you all to come up in the picture , and you 're not going to get rid of somebody and ask him , `` Do you take a picture ? ''
Thank you .
I 'd like to talk about a very special group of animals .
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world .
The rabbits are found in the most threatened birds .
First of all , why do they have so bad press ?
It 's also associated with Disney laughter , which is <unk> as <unk> , silly , stupid characters .
More recently , if you 've been following the press , you get laughter , applause and <unk> are the attributes that they associate with the Kenyan Parliament , but I do n't accept it .
I do n't accept it . You know why ?
Because the members of Parliament do n't keep the environment clean ; <unk> do n't help prevent the spread of disease .
They 're hardly monogamously . They 're far away from extinct . And , my favorite , they have better presence . There are two types of rabbits on this planet .
There 's the rabbits of the New World , which is mainly in the Americas , like <unk> and <unk> , and the Old World War , where we have 16 species -- of these 16 , 11 o'clock at a high risk of extinction .
So why , why are vultures important ? First of all , they provide vital ecological services .
They 're our lives of natural waste .
It <unk> bodies to the bone .
They help kill all bacteria , they help absorb the anthrax that they would not be by themselves would stretch and cause huge loss of livestock and diseases in other animals .
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there 's no rabbits , the carcasses are three to four times more time to be broken , and this has huge branches in the spread of disease .
The vultures have enormous historical importance .
They 've been associated with ancient Egyptian culture .
<unk> was the symbol of the protector and the maternity , along with the king cobra , <unk> the unit between <unk> and under Egypt .
At the Indian mythology , <unk> was the <unk> god , and he risked his life to save the <unk> goddess of the devil .
In <unk> culture , you 're doing very important a few very important burials at the open sky . In places like Tibet , there 's no place to bury the dead , or timber to <unk> , so these rabbits provide a system of natural disposal .
What 's the problem with vultures ?
We have eight species of vultures in Kenya , which six are at the endangered extinction .
The reason is that they 're being poisoned , and the reason that they 're being poisoned is because there are conflicts between humans and wildlife , <unk> communities use this poison against predators , and as a result , rabbits are victims of this .
In South Asia , in countries like India and Pakistan , four species of rabbits are on the critical critical list of extinction , which means that in less than 10 or 15 years , they were <unk> , and the reason is because they fall prey from livestock consumption that have been treated with a drug <unk> like <unk> .
This drug has been banned for veterinarian in India and have taken a position .
Since there 's no rabbits , there 's been a spread in the number of dogs in landfill , and when you have dogs on the street , you have a huge time bomb for rage . The number of cases of rage has increased enormously in India .
Kenya is going to have one of the biggest wind farms in Africa : <unk> <unk> are going to be above lake .
I 'm not against wind power , but we have to work with governments , because wind turbines do this to the birds ; they cut them in half .
They 're <unk> birds .
In Western Africa , there 's a horrible trade from AIDS dead to serve the <unk> and the <unk> market .
So what are you doing ? Well , we 're looking at these birds . We 're <unk> transmitters .
We 're trying to determine its basic ecology , and see where they go .
We can see that they travel in different countries , so I 'll focus on a building that 's not going to do anything .
We have to work with governments in the regional levels .
We 're working with local communities .
We 're talking to them about appreciating the rabbits , about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and services that provide .
How can they help ? It can become active , making noise . You can write a letter to your government and tell them , we need to focus on these very <unk> creatures . They 're going to take their time to spread the word .
When you go out of this room , I 'm going to tell you about rabbits , but talk to their families , with their kids , with their neighbors , with their neighbors about vultures .
They 're very elegant . Charles Darwin said that he changed the opinion because he saw them fly without effort , no energy expenditure in the heavens .
Kenya , this world , will be much poorer without these wonderful species .
Thank you very much .
Every thing I do , and everything I do professionally -- my life -- has been molded by seven years of work during my youth in Africa .
From 1971 to 1977 , I was young , but I 'm not . I worked in Zambia , Kenya , Ivory Coast , Algeria and Somalia , in innovative cooperation projects with African countries .
I worked for an NGO NGO , and every project that we set up in Africa failed .
And I was very disturbed .
I thought , at the 21st , that the Italians were good people , and we were doing a good job in Africa .
Instead , everything we were playing with it .
Our first project , which inspired my first book , `` <unk> of <unk> , '' was a project where a Italians decided to teach people from Zambia to grow food .
So we came up with Italian seeds in the south Zambia of Zambia in the south of Zambia to this absolutely magnificent valley , and we teach local tomatoes to grow Italian tomatoes and <unk> , and ...
Of course , people were n't at all interested in doing that , because what they 're going to do to come to come to work , and sometimes they did n't come . We were amazed at the local , in such fertile valley , had n't had agriculture .
However , instead of asking them how it was possible that we did n't do anything , we just said , `` Thank God we 're here , '' `` right over time to save the people in Zambia of famine . ''
And of course , everything in Africa became beautifully .
We got these magnificent tomatoes in Italy , in Italy , a tomato would grow to this size . In Zambia , this size .
And we could n't believe , we were saying to them , `` Look how easy it is agriculture . ''
When the tomatoes were cute , they were mature and red at night in the morning , about 200 <unk> appeared from the river and ate everything , and we said , `` Oh my God , the <unk> ! ''
And the <unk> said , `` Yes , so we do n't have agriculture here . '' `` Why did n't they say it ? '' `` You never asked . ''
I thought only the Italians make mistakes in Africa , but then , I saw what the Americans were doing , what the English did , what the English did , what the French did , and then seeing what they were doing , I felt pretty proud of our project in Zambia .
Because , as you can see , at least we feed them .
We 're going to see the waste -- they 're going to see the waste that we 're going to tell you about people from Africa .
She wants to read a book , I read `` Bird Help '' from <unk> <unk> , economist <unk> .
The book was published in 2009 .
We , Western donors , we have given the African continent two million dollars over the last 50 years .
I 'm not telling you about harm than that money has caused .
They just read your book .
Part of an African woman , the damage we 've done .
The Westerners are imperialists , Mormon <unk> , and we treat people just in two ways , or we 're sponsoring them , or we 're <unk> .
The two words come from the Latin count , which means `` father . ''
However , they mean two different things .
<unk> , I try any of a different culture as if they were my children , `` I want a lot . ''
I 'm dealing with each other in a different culture as if they were my servants .
That 's why white people in Africa are called `` <unk> , '' boss .
That book gave me a slap in the face , `` The small thing is beautiful , '' written by <unk> , who said for all economic development , if people do n't want to be helped , <unk> alone .
This should be the first principle of aid .
The first principle of aid is to respect .
This morning , the gentleman who opened this conference put a stick on the floor and said , `` Can you -- you can imagine a city that 's not <unk> ? ''
I decided to the 27 years only to answer people , and I invented a system called <unk> <unk> , where you never start anything , you never motivates anybody , but it becomes a servant of the local passion , the servant of the local people who have the dream of becoming a better person .
So what you do ? It 's <unk> .
It never gets to a community with an idea , and you sit with the people in the locality .
We do n't work from offices .
We met in a cafe . We met in a bar .
We have zero infrastructure .
And what do we do ? We become friends , and we found out what the person wants to do .
The most important thing is passion .
You can give someone an idea .
If that person does n't want to do that , what are you going to do ?
The passion that she has for its own growth is the most important thing .
The passion that man has for his own personal growth is the most important thing .
And then , we help them find knowledge , because nobody in the world can be successful alone .
The person with the idea may not have knowledge , but knowledge is available .
So years ago , I had this idea : Why not us , for once instead of getting into a community to tell people what to do , why not , for once , we heard them ? But not in community meetings .
Let me tell you a secret .
There 's a problem with community meetings .
The entrepreneurs never attending , and they 'll never tell you , in a public meeting , what they want to do with their own money , what opportunity they have identified .
So planning has this blind point .
The smartest people in their community , you do n't even know it , because they do n't pop their public meetings .
What do we do ? We worked one , and we work face-to-face , you have to create a social infrastructure , which does n't exist .
You should create a new profession .
The profession is the family members of the company , the family member of the business , who are established with you in your house , at your kitchen table , in coffee , and that helps you find the resources to transform their passion in a way of making a living .
I started this as a test in <unk> , Western Australia .
I was doing a Ph.D. at the time , trying to get away from this crap where we got to tell them what to do .
In one year , I had 27 projects going , and the government came to me to see , `` How can you do that ?
How can you do it ? '' And I said , `` I did something very , very , very hard .
And so , the government says , `` Do it again . '' We 've done it in 300 communities in the world .
We 've helped to start 40,000 businesses .
There 's a new generation of entrepreneurs who are dying of loneliness .
Peter <unk> , one of the <unk> business advisors in history , he died to '96 , a few years ago .
Peter <unk> was a philosophy professor before getting involved in business , and this is what Peter <unk> says , `` The planning is actually incompatible with a society and an innovative venture economy . ''
planning is the kiss of the death of the entrepreneurial spirit .
So now we 're <unk> rebuilding Christchurch without knowing what the most <unk> people in Christchurch want to do with their own money and their own energy .
You have to learn how to get these people to come in talking with you .
You have to offer them a lot of them , privacy , you have to be fantastic to help you , and then <unk> them , will come in mass .
In a community of 10,000 people , we get 200 clients .
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people , intelligence and passion ?
What are you talking about . Do you please ?
And that 's what you 've been passionate about .
So , what I 'm telling you is that the entrepreneurial spirit is where it is .
We are at the end of the world 's first industrial revolution <unk> fossils -- manufacturing -- and at one moment , we have systems that are not sustainable .
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable .
<unk> as a way of holding machinery is not sustainable .
What we have to consider , is how we interact , we heal , we heal , we transport them , communicate to seven billion people , in a sustainable way .
There are no technologies to do that .
Who 's going to invent the technology for the green revolution ?
The government ? Forget it !
They 'll be the entrepreneurs and they 're doing it now .
There 's an adorable story that was in civil magazine many , many years ago .
There was a group of experts who were invited to debate the future of New York City in the fashion fashion .
And in the course of course , the whole group of people got together , and you know , what would happen to the city of New York in 100 years , and the conclusion was <unk> : New York City would n't exist within 100 years .
Why ? Because they analyzed the curve and they pointed out , if the population kept growing at this rate , to move the population of New York to the surrounding , <unk> six million horses , and the manure produced by six million horses that would be impossible to address .
They were already <unk> in dung , so in 1860 , they were <unk> this dirty little technology that we 'd put in New York City .
So what happens ? In the next 40 years , in 1900 , in the United States , they appeared in <unk> companies , <unk> companies .
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed and there were very few , <unk> factories in <unk> places .
Dearborn , Michigan . Henry Ford .
But there 's a secret to work with entrepreneurs .
First , you have to offer them a lot .
Otherwise , you 're not going to be talking to you .
Then , you have to offer absolute , dedicated , <unk> .
And then , afterwards , you will have to tell you the truth of the truth with this .
The smallest company , the largest company , has to be able to do three <unk> : the product that you want to be willing to sell has to be fantastic , you have to count with a fantastic marketing , and you have to count with a great financial management .
You know what ?
We have never met a single human being in the world who can do , sell and look for the money alone .
It does n't exist .
This is still not born .
We 've looked at and looked at the 100 icons of the world 's icons of Carnegie , Westinghouse , Edison , Ford , all new companies , Google , Yahoo .
There 's only one thing that all of the successful companies in the world have in common , just one : None of them was started by one person .
Never the word `` me , '' but the word `` us '' -- 32 times .
He was n't just when he started .
Nobody begins a company alone . No one .
So , we can create the community where we have facilitators , who come from a small business environment sitting in coffee shops , in bars with their dedicated rooms for you who are going to do for you , what somebody did for this gentleman who talks about this epic , somebody who asked you , what needs ?
What can you do ? Can you do that ?
Okay , can you sell you ? Can you look for the money ? ''
`` Oh no , I ca n't do that . '' `` Would you like to look for somebody ? ''
We activate communities .
Thank you .
People around us can help us in many ways to improve our lives .
We do n't know all the neighbors , so we do n't exchange much knowledge in spite of sharing the same public spaces .
In the last few years I 've been trying to share with my neighbors in public space , with simple tools like <unk> , templates and chalk .
These projects came from questions like , how much people pay my neighbors for their apartments ?
How can we pay and borrow more things without calling the door at a bad time ?
How do we share more memories of our abandoned buildings and understand our landscape better ?
How do we share our hopes for empty shops so that our communities can actually reflect our needs and dreams ?
I live in New Orleans and I 'm in love with New Orleans .
My soul always finds relief with the giant oak <unk> , which give lovers and <unk> and <unk> for centuries and I trust a city .
It 's always to settle for music . There 's a parade in New Orleans , and the city has one of the most beautiful industry in the world , but also one with the largest number of abandoned property properties .
I live close to this house , and I thought how it could turn it into a more enjoyable space for the neighborhood , and also something that changed my life forever .
In 2009 , I lost someone who loved a lot .
It was Joan , as a mother for me .
His death was sudden and unexpected .
I thought a lot about death .
And this was a profound gratitude for the time I lived and so much .
He gave it clarity to the meaningful things in my current life .
But let me hold it to keep this look in my daily life .
I think it 's easy to be left to be able to catch a day and forget what 's really important to you .
So with the help of old , new friends transformed the wall of this abandoned house on a giant blackboard , and painted on her sentences to complete , `` Before I died .
So , isolating themselves could take a piece of chalk , reflect on their lives and share personal aspirations in public space .
I did n't know what to wait for this experiment , but the next day the wall was filled and still <unk> .
And I 'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall .
`` Before I die , I want to be judged by hacking , '' `` Before I die , I want to sit on the line of date . ''
`` Before I die I want to sing for millions of people . ''
`` Before I die I want to plant a tree plant . ''
`` Before I die , I want to live outside the network . ''
`` Before I die , I want to help him again . ''
`` Before I die I want to go to somebody else . ''
`` Before I die I want to be completely myself . ''
This abandoned space became constructive and the dreams of the people and the hopes of people made me laugh at me , and I 'm going to remind me , and they gave me comfort at hard times .
It 's about knowing that you 're not alone . It 's about understanding our neighbors in new and <unk> ways . It 's about supporting thinking and contemplation and remembering what 's most important to us as we grow and change .
This happened last year , and I started getting hundreds of messages of passionate people who wanted to make a wall in his community .
So with my colleagues in the civic center , we did a kit , and now they 've made walls in countries around the world , as Kazakhstan , South Africa , Australia , Argentina and beyond .
And together we showed the power of our public spaces if you give us the opportunity to express each other and share each other .
Two of the most valuable things we have are the time and our relations with other people .
In our era of distractions on the rise , it 's more important than ever , to find ways to conserve perspective and remember that life is short and delicate .
Death is something we often avoid talking about , or even thinking , but I understood that prepare for death is one of those things that will be more empowered .
It 's going to be thinking about death as our life .
Our shared spaces can reflect better what matters as individuals and as a community and more media to share hopes , fears and stories , the people around us not only can help improve places , it can help improve our lives better .
Thank you .
Thank you .
I have a single request today .
Please do n't tell me I 'm normal .
I 'd like to introduce you to my siblings .
<unk> is 22 , and it 's very handsome .
It does n't talk , but it 's transmitted joy than some of the best speakers .
<unk> knows what love is .
It does share it happen .
It 's not <unk> . He does n't look at the color of the skin .
You do n't care about religious differences , and look at this : I never lied .
When I sing songs from our childhood , trying to say words that I did n't even remind me , reminds me of one thing : how little we know about the mind and how wonderful it must be the unknown .
Samuel 's 16 . It 's high . It 's very handsome .
He has the most pristine memory .
However , it 's a selective memory .
It does n't remember if I stole my <unk> , but he remembers the year where each of the songs came out of my iPod , conversations that I had when I was four years old , he would pee on my arm during the first episode of the <unk> and the Lady Gaga birthday .
Do n't you find them amazing ?
But most people disagree .
And in fact , because their minds do n't fit into the <unk> of society , they are often ignored and <unk> .
But what my heart was driven by my heart and <unk> my soul was that even if that was the case , even if you would n't consider them inside the ordinary , it could only mean one thing : they were extraordinary -- autistic and extraordinary .
Now , for those less familiar with the term `` autism , '' is a complex brain disorder affecting social communication , learning and sometimes the physical skills .
In each individual , it manifests itself in a different way , from there to be so different to Sam .
And all over the world , every 20 minutes , will be diagnosed with a new case of autism , and even though it 's one of the disorders of the development that they grow faster in the world , there 's no cause or cure .
I do n't remember my first encounter with autism , but I do n't remember one day without him .
I had only three years when my brother came to the world , and I was very excited to have a new self in my life .
When they spent a few months , I realized that he was different .
You 'll get a lot .
I did n't want to play like the other babies , and in fact , it did n't seem very interested in me at all .
He lived alive and it was in his own world , with his own rules , and I found pleasure in the smallest things , like putting the cars in row around the room , looking at the washing machine and eating anything that was between them .
As it was growing up , it became more different , and the differences were made more apparent .
But beyond the <unk> , the frustration and the final hyperactivity , there was something really unique : a pure , innocent nature , a child who sees the world without prejudice , a human being I had never lied to .
Extraordinary .
I ca n't deny that there have been a few difficult moments in my family , and I wish they were just like me .
But I look back at the things that have taught me about individuality , communication and love , and I realize that they 're things that I would n't want to change for normal .
The normal goes through the beauty that give us the differences , and the fact that it 's going to be different does n't mean any of them are wrong .
It just means that there 's a different view of what 's right .
If I could reach one thing to <unk> and Sam , and to Sam , you do n't have to be normal .
They can be extraordinary .
Because <unk> or not , the differences we have -- they 're a gift -- each of us has a gift inside of it , and honestly , the search for normal is the last sacrifice of potential .
The opportunity for greatness , progress and change dies at the time in which we try to be like others .
Please do n't tell me I 'm normal .
Thank you .
Five years ago , I experienced a little bit what must have been Alice in the Country of Wonders .
Penn State asked me , a communications teacher , giving a kind of communication to graduate students .
I was scared . She 's really scared . They 're actually getting rid of these students with their great minds , their big books and their big , unknown words .
But in the beginning of those conversations , I felt what Alicia had felt when he fell through the rabbit hole and saw the door of a new world .
And so I sat down when I had those conversations with the students , and I was surprised the ideas that they had , and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world as well .
And I think the key to opening that door is a great communication .
We desperately need a great communication of our scientists and engineers in order to change the world .
Our scientists and engineers are the ones who are attacking our biggest challenges , from energy to environment and health care , each other , and if we do n't know or understand this , the work is not done , and I think it 's our responsibility as not scientists to have these interactions .
But these big conversations ca n't happen if our scientists and engineers are not invited to see their wonderful world .
So scientists and engineers , please , <unk> with <unk> .
I want to share some suggestions about how they can do it to make sure that we can see that their science is sexy and its engineering is sexy .
First question to <unk> : and then what ?
<unk> why science is relevant to us .
Do n't tell us just to study the <unk> , but they study the <unk> , which are the mesh structure of our bones because it 's important to understand and treat osteoporosis .
And when they 're describing your science , care of the jargon .
The jargon is a obstacle to our understanding of their ideas .
Sure , you can say `` spatial and temporary , '' but why not say `` space and time , '' which is much more accessible to us ?
<unk> accessible is not the same as making them stupid .
Instead , as Einstein said , that everything is as simple as possible , but not simple .
They can also communicate their science without engaging the ideas .
One thing to consider is to use examples , stories and analogies , and it 's ways of activated and <unk> with their content .
And by presenting their work , forget about the `` bullet signs . ''
They have asked why they call `` bullets ? '' What do you do ? They kill , and they 'll kill their presentation .
A <unk> like this is not just boring , but it 's supported too much in the language of the language of our brains and overwhelmed .
Instead , this example of <unk> Brown is much more effective . It shows that the special structure of <unk> is so strong that it really inspired the unique design of the Eiffel Tower .
The trick here is to use a simple , legible , that the audience can understand that the audience can understand if you lose a little , and then provide graphs that we 're going to bring to our other senses and create a deeper sense of understanding what it 's described .
I think these are just a few key ones that can help others open the door and see the country of the wonders that is science and engineering .
And so scientists and engineers , when you 've solved this equation , all the media , <unk> with <unk> . Thank you .
One of my favorite words of the Oxford English Dictionary is `` <unk> . ''
Just because it sounds very good .
`` <unk> '' means `` dishonest dishonest . ''
Even though there was a journalism editor of the 19th century that defined it a lot better when he said , `` A <unk> is the one that 's looking for a public charge without any party , platform or principle , and that , when he wins , you get it by the mere use of a monumental <unk> . ''
I have no idea what `` <unk> '' means .
One thing to do with words , I guess .
It 's very important that words are based on politics , and all politicians know they have to try to master the language .
It was n't until , for example , <unk> that the British Parliament allowed the newspapers to quote the exact words they said in the parliamentary camera .
And all of this was because of the courage of a guy with the unusual name of <unk> <unk> , who was confronted by Parliament .
They got into the London Tower , and he was incarcerated , but he had enough courage to deal with them , and eventually he had such popular support in London I won .
And only a few years later , we had the first recorded use of the phrase `` <unk> '' like this <unk> .
Most people think it 's literal .
It 's not . It 's by an advocate of freedom of expression .
But to show you really how words and politics interact , I want you to come back to America , just after independence .
So they had to tackle the question of how to call George Washington , his leader .
They did n't know .
How do you call the leader of a Republican country ?
This was discussed in Congress for a long time .
And they were introduced all sorts of suggestions that you could have <unk> .
Some of them wanted to call him `` Chief Minister '' , and others , `` His <unk> George Washington , '' and the other `` <unk> of the <unk> from the United States of America . ''
No attractive .
Some of them just wanted to call it `` King . ''
They thought it was <unk> .
And even with it they were <unk> , they had the idea that you could be chosen King by a certain term .
And it could have served .
The whole world was immensely tired , because this debate was taken over three weeks .
I read a <unk> newspaper , and I always wrote , `` I still have this topic . ''
What caused the delay and the <unk> was that the House of Representatives was against the Senate .
The House of Representatives did not want Washington to be empowered .
They did n't want to call it `` King '' in case he gave him or his successor to him .
So they wanted to give him the most modest title , more insignificant and more pathetic than it happened .
And that title was `` President . ''
President . They did n't invent the title . There was only the title .
It was like the president of a jury .
And I did n't have much more <unk> than the term `` foreman '' or `` supervisor . ''
There was <unk> presidents of small colonial <unk> and fractions , but it really was a insignificant .
And that 's why the Senate comes in .
They said , `` It 's ridiculous , we ca n't call it President . ''
`` This guy has to sign treaties and meeting with foreigners . ''
`` And who is serious about a degree as ridiculous and insignificant as President of America ? ''
And finally , after three weeks of debate , the Senate did n't give up .
We can learn three interesting things about this .
First of all , and this is my favorite until I 've been able to figure out , the Senate has never been treated by the President 's title .
President Barack Obama is lucky to follow there , waiting for the Senate between action .
The second thing we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is temporary -- it 's possible for us to keep waiting for years more .
But the third thing we can learn , and this is the most important thing , and with this , I want to leave you with , is that the President of America does n't sound so modest today , right ?
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear heads , the largest economy in the world and an <unk> fleet of aerial vehicles and so on .
The reality and the story has laced the title of <unk> .
So finally won the Senate .
They got their <unk> .
And also the other concern , the Senate appearance , the appearance of uniqueness -- well , it was a singularity .
But guess how many nations have the president now ?
And all because they want to sound like the kind of 5,000 nuclear heads , etc .
So , in the end , the Senate won and the House of Representatives lost , because no one 's going to feel humble when you tell them they are now the President of the U.S .
And I think that 's the great lesson we can learn , and that I 'd like to leave you with .
Now politicians are trying to choose and use the words to shape and control reality , but really , actually , changes a lot more words than what they might change reality .
Thank you very much .
I 'm 45 to meters underground in an illegal mine of Ghana .
The air is heavy and dust and it 's hard to breathe .
I feel the touch of the <unk> in the dark , but I ca n't see much more .
I hear voices that speak , but above all , that cacophony of <unk> male stones and stones with early tools .
Like each other , I 'm wearing a cheap lantern of light <unk> attached to the head with this <unk> band , and I can barely distinguish <unk> <unk> , which hold the walls of that <unk> hole that drops hundreds of feet on the ground .
And I got rid of my hand and suddenly I remember a miner that I met days before , who lost control and fell 4,000 feet into that well .
While I 'm talking to you today , these guys are on the depths of that hole without paying , no reward , and often dying .
I went home that hole , and I went home , but they may never do it , because they 're prey in slavery .
In the last 28 years I was documenting native cultures in more than 70 countries on top of 70 continents , and in 2009 , I had the great honor of being the only <unk> at the Vancouver Peace Summit .
Among all the amazing people I met there , I met an episode of <unk> the <unk> , an NGO who takes to eradicate modern slavery .
We started talking about slavery , and actually , I started learning about slavery because I knew that there was in the world , but not as a degree .
When we ended up talking to me , I was really embarrassed to ignore this atrocity of our days and I thought , if I do n't know , how many people do n't know ?
It made me a knot , and , weeks later , I flew to Los Angeles to meet the director of <unk> the <unk> and offer my help .
So I started my journey to modern slavery .
Interestingly enough , I 've been in many of these sites .
Some , even though I considered my second home .
But this time , I 'll get rid of dirty rags .
A conservative calculation is that there are now over 27 million people in the world .
It 's twice the amount of African African people throughout the entire entire slaves .
150 years ago , the cost of a farmer 's slave farmer was about three times the annual salary of an American worker .
The equivalent of about 50 dollars today .
But today , today , we can enslaving entire families for American generations for $ 18 debt .
Surprisingly , slavery generates a profit from over 13 billion dollars a year around the world .
Many have been fooled by a lot of false education and better job to find out that they 're forced to work without paying , under threat of violence and ca n't escape .
Today the slavery operates in trade , the goods produced by slaves are value , but those who produce them are disposable them .
<unk> exists in almost everybody , and yet it 's illegal throughout the world .
In India and Nepal , I met the bricks of bricks .
This weird show was like stepping into the old Egypt or gratefulness of Dante .
By a temperature of 54 C , men , women , children , in fact , whole families wrapped up on a heavy <unk> of <unk> bricks in their heads , up to 18 at the same time , and they take them from blazing furnaces to trucks that are at hundreds of feet .
<unk> by monotony and tiredness work in silence , doing this task again and over 16 hours a day .
There were no pause for eating , not to drink , and the severe <unk> would make them pee for quite inconsequential .
<unk> were the heat and the dust that my camera got too hot to touch and stopped working .
Every 20 minutes I had to run the car to clean up the team and make it work with air conditioning and <unk> , and sitting there , I thought , `` My camera gets a much better treatment than these people .
Back in the furnaces I wanted to cry , but the <unk> I was on my side quickly grabbed me and said , `` Lisa , do n't do . Do n't do it here . ''
And it explained to me very clearly to demonstrate emotions is very dangerous in places like this , not only for me but for them .
I could n't offer any direct help .
I could n't give you money , nothing .
I was not a citizenship of that country .
You could put them in a worse situation than they were already .
I had to rely on <unk> the <unk> , ' and working within the system for her release and trusted that he did .
In terms of me , I waited to get home to feel my heart broken .
In the Himalayas , I found kids dragging rocks for miles down to trucks to trucks down .
That 's the big , large , heavy kids that the kids who charge them and the kids hold their heads into their heads with sticks , strings and rags .
It 's hard to witness something so overwhelming .
How can we influence something so insidious but so ubiquitous ?
Some of them do n't even know that they 're the slaves -- and they work 16 hours a day without <unk> because this has been like this whole life .
They have nothing to compare .
When these villagers <unk> their freedom , the <unk> burned their homes .
When you hear the word slavery often , we often think of sexual trafficking , and because of this global awareness , they warned me that it would be hard for me to work with security in this particular business .
In Kathmandu , I was reminded of women who had been previously sex in .
It led me by a <unk> stairs that gave this dirty basement , light light .
It was n't exactly a brothel .
It was rather a restaurant .
<unk> , as you know in the craft , are local for forced prostitution .
They have small rooms , private , where we collaborated with their girls and children , some of the only seven years -- are forced to entertain the clients and to send them to buy more food and alcohol .
Each place is dark and dirty , identified by a number that 's painted on the wall and divided by a <unk> and a curtain .
The workers often suffer sexual abuse by their clients .
On the twilight twilight , I remember making sense of acute <unk> , and at that instant , I could barely imagine what it must be stuck in that hell .
I just had one way out there : the stairs that I walked in .
There were no back doors .
There were no big enough windows to climb .
Those people do n't have <unk> , and because we play a very difficult topic , it 's important to point out that slavery , even the sex traffic , happens to us .
There are hundreds of people pouring out in agriculture , in restaurants , in the domestic service , and the list can continue .
Recently , the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 Americans are sold to each year as sex slaves .
It 's everywhere , but we do n't see it .
<unk> are another activity that often relate to the slave labor .
I went to Indian villages where there were whole families who were <unk> in the silk trade .
This is a family portrait .
The hands of black blood are the father , the <unk> of blue and red , of their children .
<unk> <unk> in these big barrels and <unk> the silk in the liquid to elbows , but it 's toxic .
My performer told me his stories .
`` We have no freedom . ''
`` We still expect , though , can be able to get out of this house someday and go to another place where we really pay us our job . ''
It 's estimated that there are more than 4,000 children enslaved in the lake Volta , the largest artificial lake in the world .
When we got , I went to take a quick look .
I saw what seemed a family of fishermen on a ship , two older brothers , some younger children , make sense of it ?
Wrong . They were all slaves .
Kids are separated from their native families , missing and forced to work long on these boats in the lake , despite not knowing swimming .
This boy is eight years old .
When our boat came up to me , he was shaking , that his little canoe was <unk> .
He was paralyzed by the fear of falling water .
<unk> branches of trees plunged into Lake Volta , they often catch up networks and children , <unk> and fear , they get thrown into the water to release the branches .
Many drown .
Since it remember , it 's always been forced to work on the lake .
In fear of his love , he 's not going to flee and , as all of the life has been continued Cruelty , <unk> is treating slaves younger under their command .
I met these guys at five in the morning , when they raised the last five nets , but they had been working on the last five of them .
at the cold and windiest night .
And it would have to point out that these nets weigh over 400 pounds when they 're packed with fish .
I want to introduce you to Kofi .
Kofi was rescued in a fishing village .
I met him in a shelter in which he was attending the <unk> ' <unk> of slavery .
Kofi symbolizes as possible .
Who got to be because someone decided to make a difference in your life ?
I slept on a road in Ghana with partners from <unk> the <unk> , a partner with his two-wheeler suddenly accelerated and <unk> our car and had a window .
We were asked to put it on a dirt path to the forest .
At the end of the road , we would get rid of the car , and he asked the driver to come out quickly .
Then he pointed out this little path , and he said , `` This is the road , this is the path . Come on . ''
So as we started to go down , we removed the <unk> that <unk> the road , and after walking around an hour , we found that the road was commissioned by the recent rains , so I put the photos of photos on my head as I put up in these waters all the way to the chest .
After two hours on the walk , the <unk> path ended up in a clear piece , and we had in front of a mass holes that could fit in a football field , and they were all full of workers enslaved .
A lot of women were tied to their backs , and while they were looking for gold , they walked around in <unk> water .
mercury is used in the extraction process .
These miners are enslaved in a well in another part of Ghana .
When they came out of the pump they were steeped in their own sweat .
I remember looking at his eyes , <unk> , since many had been underground for 72 hours .
<unk> have to be 90 meters , and these people carry heavy stone bags and then they 're going to be trucked out to another area where they were able to get the stone to get the gold .
To the first view , the site seems to be filled strong , strong males , but , if we look closer , the margin are actually going to work at other less fortunate , and also children .
They are all victims of injuries , disease and violence .
In fact , it 's very likely that this bully ended up like this victim of tuberculosis and <unk> poisoning in a few years .
This is <unk> . When his father died his uncle , he took him to work with him in the mines .
When his uncle died , he <unk> his uncle 's debt to be a slave , in mines .
When I met him , I was working on the 14 years and the leg injury that you see here is a product of an accident in the mine , so serious that the doctors said that the doctors would be that .
In addition to that , <unk> has tuberculosis , and yet , it 's forced to work at night and on that mine .
Yet , he dreams with being liberated and educated with help of local activists like <unk> the <unk> ' and is this kind of determination , face to a remote possibility , which inspires me a lot of respect .
I want to throw light about slavery .
They knew that their images would be seen by you all over the world .
I wanted to know that you knew that we will witness to them , and we will do everything we can to help change their lives .
I really believe that if we can see us each other as human beings , then it becomes very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery .
These images are not magazines . They are people , real people , like you and like me , who deserve the same rights , dignity and respect in their lives .
There is no day that happens that I do n't think about these many beautiful people , battered , who I 've had the great honor to meet .
I hope these images wake up a force where you see them , in people like you , and I hope that it turns out to turn on a fire , which fire light over slavery , because without that light , the beast of slavery can continue to live in shadows .
Thank you very much .
I do math applied , and there 's a peculiar problem for whom it does : we are like management consultants .
Nobody knows what the hell we do .
So today , I 'll try and explain to you what I do .
Dance is one of the most human activities .
We 'd take the ballet <unk> and the dancers of <unk> that we 'll see later .
But the ballet demands an extraordinary degree of extraordinary training , a high level of skill , and probably some initial competence that can well have a genetic component .
Sadly , neurologic disorders like Parkinson 's disease gradually destroy this extraordinary skill , as it does with my friend Jan <unk> who , at his time , was a ballet dancer .
Over the last few years , it has made a lot on treatment .
However , there are <unk> million people in the world who are sick , and they have to deal with an incurable weakness , tremor , stiffness and other symptoms of this disease , so we need objective tools to detect the disease before it 's too late .
We need to be able to measure progress in an objective , and ultimately , the only way we 're going to know if there really exists a cure when we have an objective metric and <unk> .
But it 's frustrating for Parkinson 's and other disorders of the movement , there 's no biological markers . That 's why they do n't make the blood analysis and the best we have is a neurological test for 20 minutes .
You have to go to a clinic to do it . It 's very , very expensive , and that means that , outside the clinical trials , they never do .
How about the patients could do it at home ?
That would save a trip to the clinic . What if patients could do the test themselves ?
You would n't need personal .
By the way , it costs about 300 dollars in the clinic .
So , what I want to do is to propose to you as an unconventional way to try , you see , in a sense at least , we 're all <unk> , like my friend Jan <unk> .
This is a video of the vocal chords of the vocal chords .
It shows someone healthy while emitting sounds to speak . We can imagine it as dancing from a vocal ballet , because we have to coordinate all those <unk> organs to produce sounds , and we all have the genes required . The <unk> , for example .
And , like ballet , it requires an extraordinary level of training .
Let 's think about time for a child to learn to speak .
From the sound , we can track the position of vocal chords as they vibrate , and as well as Parkinson 's affects the limbs , it also affects the vocal organs .
On the bottom of the bottom you can see an example of irregular shake in the vocal chords .
We see the same symptoms .
vocal shake , weakness and stiffness .
The speech becomes more quiet and <unk> after a while , and this is an example of the symptoms .
How do you compare these exams based on the voice with specialized clinical trials ? Well , they 're both <unk> .
The neurological test is not invasive ; they both use existing infrastructure .
You do n't need to design a whole series of hospitals to make them .
They 're both skillful . Okay , but also <unk> tests are not specialized .
I mean , they can be <unk> .
They 're very quickly done , they 're about 30 seconds a lot .
It 's very low cost , and we all know what happens .
Now , when something takes so low , it appears to scale .
These are some amazing lists goals .
We can reduce the patient 's worth of patients .
Needless to go to the clinic for routine visitors .
With high-frequency monitoring , we could get targets .
We could do a <unk> <unk> for clinical trials , and for the first time , <unk> doable at a general scale .
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first biomarkers of the disease before it 's too late .
So , by giving the first steps in that sense , we 're launching the Parkinson 's disease .
Along with <unk> and <unk> , we want to record a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start addressing these goals .
We have local lines for about 750 million people in the world .
Anyone , with Parkinson 's or not Parkinson 's -- it can call a low price and I 'm happy to announce that we 've already reached six percent of the goal in only eight hours .
Thank you . Tom Rielly : So Max , taking all these samples from , say 10,000 people , you 'll be able to say who 's healthy and who is n't ?
What are you going to bring from these samples ?
Max Little : Yeah , yeah . What 's happening is , during the call you have to tell if you have no disease . TR : Of course .
<unk> : You see , some people can not pass it . You may not end it .
But we 're going to get a very large sample of data in different circumstances , and doing it in different circumstances , because we 're looking for <unk> the factors of confusion looking for the actual markers of the disease .
TR : Do they have an 86 percent accuracy right now ?
<unk> : Much more than that .
In fact , my graduate student , I have to <unk> , has done a fantastic job , and now it 's shown that it works on the mobile phone network , too , what we 'll put on the project , we now have a 99 percent accuracy .
TR : Ninety and nine . Well , it 's an improvement .
<unk> : Of course .
TR : Thank you very much . Max Little , public .
<unk> : Thank you , Tom .
Before March in 2011 , I did <unk> <unk> in New York City .
We are <unk> creatures .
We were focusing on the dark and no windows and , usually , we avoid sunlight .
We do the thin thin skin , the perfect skin , still more perfect we make the impossible possible , and criticize us in the press all the time , but some of us are truly artists with a lot of years of experience and a real taste for images and photography .
On March 11th , 2011 , I saw from my home , just like the rest of the world , the tragic events that happen in Japan .
Shortly later , an organization where she was voluntary , and he <unk> <unk> , was in the place working as part of the answer team .
I , along with hundreds of other volunteers , we knew that we could n't stay sitting at home , so I decided to join the group for three weeks .
On May 13 , I went to <unk> .
It 's a small fishing village located in the <unk> of almost 50,000 people , one of the first towns being affected by the wave .
The water level reached over 24 feet tall and over three miles inside .
As you can imagine , the people was crushed .
We take out of the channels and ditches .
We took schools down . We took the slime , and we took the lists , and we took the lists , <unk> .
We took tons and tons of fish , smelly , rotten from the local factory .
We were scared and we loved it .
For weeks , both volunteers like the neighbors found similar things .
They found photos and photos of photos and cameras , etc .
Everybody did the same .
They 're going to take them back and bring them to different places of the peoples around them .
It was n't until I realized that those photos represented a huge part of the personal losses that people had suffered .
Whereas the wave was outside , and to save their lives , they had to abandon absolutely everything they had .
At the end of my first week , I started to help in a city 's center .
It helped clean up the communal toilets , huge <unk> .
This place turned out to be also the place of the town where the donor center would pick up the photos .
And I had the honor of that day , and I had the honor of that day to wipe out the photos .
This was exciting and inspiring , I had heard the expression of thinking beyond the horizons , but it was n't until I went beyond myself my horizons that something happened .
By looking at the photos , I found some that had more than a hundred years , some of them were still in the lab , could n't stop thinking about how to fix that <unk> and repair that <unk> and knew hundreds of people who could do the same thing .
So that night I walked into Facebook , I contacted some of them , and the next morning , the answer was so overwhelming and positive , that I knew we had to try .
So we started experimenting with photos .
This was the first of all .
It was n't too disturbed , but where the water had <unk> the side of the girl , they had to be able to make it very accurately and it 's going to be straight .
In another way , that little little girl would n't look like it , and that would be as tragic as you have the picture depends .
Over time , they came by luck more photos , and they needed more <unk> , so he came back on Facebook and LinkedIn and five days later , 80 people from 12 countries volunteered to help .
Within two weeks , I had 150 people from joining together .
In Japan , in July , we moved to <unk> , a neighboring village village .
Once a week we used our scanner in the photographic libraries that had set up , where people were going to tell their photos .
The time that he took in <unk> is a different story , and it depended on of course the <unk> of the photos .
It could make an hour . It could take a weeks .
It could take a few months .
This <unk> had to draw pretty much by hand using how to guide the areas whose color and detail had no destroyed .
It took a long time .
The water destroyed all these pictures submerged in seawater , covered in algae , with algae , even with the oil , all of that along with the time I continue to <unk> , and that 's why <unk> was an important part of the project .
We could n't play the picture unless it was clean , dry and had been <unk> on their own owner .
We had luck with a hand by hand .
We count on an admirable neighbor 's guide .
It 's very easy to hurt even more damaged .
As a <unk> once said , the leader of my group is like doing a tattoo .
You ca n't make mistakes .
The woman brought us these pictures was kind of lucky in relation to the photos .
He had started <unk> , but he stopped to realize that it 's even more .
I also had <unk> .
Without them , the images of their husband and his own face would n't have been able to rebuild , we were able to scan the images in a single picture and tinker with the full photo .
When I collected their photos , they shared something about your story with us .
His husband found the photos at a fire fire station between rubble quite far from where he used to be his house , but his colleagues recognized it .
The day of the tsunami , her husband was the experimenter to close the barriers to the wave .
He had to go inside the water while the <unk> .
Their young kids , not so small now , but their two children were at school , in different schools .
One of them was trapped in the water .
It took a week to find his entire family and know that everyone had survived .
The day I gave him his photos , his youngest son was 14 .
For her , those pictures were the best gift I could do , something that he could go back to look , something that he could remember from the past , which would have been tagged on that day in March when everything in his life changed or was destroyed .
And after six months in Japan , 1,100 volunteers had joined there with hundreds of them , helped us to clean up by 3,000 photographs , the vast majority of them -- the vast majority of them came back to their owners .
Over 500 volunteers around the world helped back 90 families to 90 families of completely remixable , <unk> photos .
During this time , we do n't really spend over 1,000 dollars in teams and materials , most of them in ink .
We took pictures constantly .
A picture is a memory of someone or something , a relationship , someone wanted .
They 're <unk> from our memories and stories , the last thing we 'd take you , but the first thing you 'd come to look for .
Now , this was the project , to restore small pieces of humanity , to bring someone back to the past .
When a picture like this is given to someone , it 's a huge difference in the life of the person who receives it .
This project also made a big difference in the life of <unk> .
Some of them connected to some of them with something bigger , to give back something , using their talent for something that 's not perfect skin models .
In closing , I 'd like to read this email . I sent him Cindy the day I came back from Japan after six months .
In the meantime , I could n't stop thinking about people and the stories shown in the images .
One in particular , a photo with women from different ages from the grandmother to the small girl , gathering around a baby , was just moved by me , because a picture of my family , my grandmother , my mother , and my newborn daughter hangs on our wall .
In the entire world , all the basic needs are the same , right ?
Thank you .
Doc <unk> inspired us to wonder awe and curiosity with this picture of a bullet that goes through an apple in an exhibition of only millionth of a second .
But now , 50 years later , we can go a million times faster and see the world not a million or a billion , but a trillion frames per second .
I present to you a new kind of photograph : <unk> -- a new technique that can create videos in slow motion .
And with that , we can create cameras that can see after the corners , beyond the line of vision , or seeing the inside of the body without using X-rays , and challenging the idea of camera .
If I take a laser pointer , and I turn it up and put it into a <unk> <unk> <unk> , and it 's a number of <unk> to create a <unk> photons of just a millimeter wide millimeter .
And that <unk> package , that bullet , traveling at the speed of light , and again , a million times faster than a regular bullet .
So if we take that bullet and this package of photons and shoot it in this bottle , how do those photons spread inside this bottle ?
What is the aspect of light in slow motion ?
Now , all of this -- remember , all of this is happening in less than a <unk> is what it takes to travel to the light .
But this video is 10 billion times slower , so you can see light in motion .
Coca-Cola did n't take this research . They 're all doing a lot of things in this movie ; I 'll give you this information to show what 's going on .
The pulse , our bullet , goes into the bottle with a <unk> photons that starts <unk> and that , inside , starts <unk> .
Part of the light off , it goes to the table , and we started seeing these ripples .
Many of the photons finally come to the cap and they explode in various directions .
As you can see , there 's a bubble bubble that bounces inside .
In that time , the waves travel on the table , and because of the reflections of the top , you see on the bottom of the bottle , after several frames , that reflections are concentrate .
Now , if we take a common bullet and we make that go the same distance , and we see it in slow motion at about 10 billion times , how much you think would take us to see that movie ?
One day ? A week ? Actually , a whole year .
It would be a very boring film of a <unk> <unk> .
And how about testing dead nature ?
You can see the waves coming from the table , the tomato and the wall of the background .
It 's like throwing a stone into a pond .
It 's the way that nature paints a picture , I thought , from a <unk> at a time , but , of course , our eyes see an integral composition .
But if you look at this tomato , you 'll notice that , as the light takes over the tomato , it 's still brilliant . It does n't be dark .
Why ? Because the tomato are ripe and light bounces inside and goes back after several <unk> .
In the future , when this <unk> is in your cell phones , they 're going to be able to go to the supermarket and check if the fruit is grown without having to touch it .
What do we create this camera at MIT ?
As photographers , you know , if you take a picture at a low exhibition , it comes into very little light .
But we 're going to go to a billion times faster than the shortest show , so I 'll just get into some light .
And we sent that bullet , that packet of photons , millions of times , and we recorded over and over again with a very <unk> synchronization , we took those gigabytes of data and <unk> <unk> to create those <unk> that I showed you .
We can take all of this in raw data , and we can get an interesting way .
Superman can fly .
Other heroes can become invisible .
What if a new power of a superhero future would allow you to see after the corners ?
The idea is that we could throw some light on the door . They 're going to go into the room , one part is going to reflect on the door , and from there to the camera .
Where we could extract those multiple light bounces .
It 's not science fiction . We 've already built it .
On the left , it 's our <unk> .
Behind the wall there is a dummy and <unk> the light on the door .
After the publication of our article in Nature describes .
And a small fraction of the photons will go back to the camera , but interestingly enough , slightly different times .
And as we have a camera that works like this fast , our <unk> , it has unique capabilities .
It has very good time resolution , and it can look at the world at the speed of light .
So we know the distances up to the door and also to the hidden objects , but we do n't know what point it was like .
In projecting a laser , you can record a raw photo , which , you see on the screen , it really does n't make any sense .
But we 'll take a lot of images like this , dozens of images , we 're going to go and try to analyze the multiple bounces of light , and with that , we 'll be able to see the hidden object ?
Can we see it in 3D ?
This is our reconstruction .
We have things to explore before we pull this out of the lab , but in the future , we could create cars that avoid collisions that will be around the curve .
Or we could look for survivors in dangerous conditions by looking at light windows .
Or we could build <unk> , able to see the inside of the body by paying attention , and the same for <unk> .
But of course , because of the tissue and blood is quite difficult , so actually this is a request for scientists to start thinking about <unk> as a new form of visualization to solve the problems of the next generation .
Just like Doc <unk> , he himself was a scientist in art , an art of <unk> photographs .
I realized that all gigabytes of data that we collected every time are not just for scientific views , but we can .
We create a new form of computational photography with slow motion and code .
Let 's look at those waves . Remember , the time between each of those waves is just about <unk> .
But here 's a lot of fun .
If you look at the waves underneath the cap , you 'll get away from us .
<unk> should move towards us .
What happens here ?
It turns out , as we 're recording almost at the speed of light , we have strange effects . Einstein would have loved to see this image .
The order that events occur in the world sometimes appears to be invested in .
We have <unk> the corresponding warping of space and time , we can correct this distortion .
It 's time . Thank you .
Hi . This is my mobile phone .
A mobile phone can change your life , and it gives you individual freedom .
With a mobile phone , you can <unk> a crime against humanity in Syria .
You can tweet a message and start a protest in Egypt .
With a mobile phone , you can actually record a song , and we can move it up to <unk> and get famous .
This is all possible with a mobile phone .
I 'm a <unk> of 1984 and alive in the city of Berlin .
Let 's go back to that moment , to this city .
Here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people were protesting a change .
This is the fall of 1989 , and imagine if all these people gathered together that they gathered in search of a change , had a mobile phone in your pocket .
Who 's got a mobile phone here ?
<unk> .
Raise your cell phones , <unk> !
<unk> . An Android , a Blackberry , wow !
It 's a lot . Almost everyone today has a mobile phone .
But today , I 'm going to talk about my mobile phone , and how I changed life .
I 'm going to talk about this .
These are 35 <unk> lines .
In gross raw data .
Why is that information there ?
Because in the summer of 2006 , the E.U . The E.U . presented a directive .
<unk> of data <unk> .
This directive says that every European telephone company , every Internet provider , every single Internet provider , has to store a broad range of information from users .
Who calls who , who 's sending an email to who .
Who is texting to who .
And if we use your cell phone , where we are .
All of this information is stored at at least six months , and until two years , in your phone company or your Internet provider .
And all over Europe , people stood up and said , `` We do n't want this . ''
They said they did n't want this dataset .
We want a self-determination in the digital era , and we do n't want the telephone providers and the Internet providers is stored all this information about us .
There was lawyers , journalists , priests , everybody said , `` We do n't want this . ''
And here you can see about ten thousand people came out to the streets of Berlin and said , `` Freedom , not fear . ''
And some of them even said that this would be <unk> 2.0 .
The <unk> was the secret police of Eastern Germany .
And I also asked if this really works .
Can you store all this information about us ?
Any time I use your phone ?
So I asked my phone , <unk> <unk> , who at that time was the largest telephone company in Germany , and please tell me all the information they had about me .
I asked them once , and I went back to ask , and I did n't get a real answer . It was all blah , blah .
But then I said , `` I want to have this information because you are <unk> my life .
So I decided to <unk> a lawsuit because I wanted to have this information .
But <unk> <unk> said no , we wo n't give you this information .
At the end , they agreed .
I would get the demand , and they would send me the information that I would ask .
Meanwhile , the German <unk> Court failed the <unk> for the German law of the E.U .
So I got this ugly on a CD in brown .
And in the CD there was this .
Thirty , 5,000 <unk> <unk> .
At first I saw it , and I said , well , it 's a huge archive . Okay .
But after a while I realized that it 's my life .
There are six months of my life in this archive .
It was a bit skeptical : what should I do with that ?
Because you can see where I am , where I step the night , what I 'm doing .
But then I said , I want this information to go out .
I want to make it public .
Because I want to show people what data means .
So , alongside Online Online and Open Data , we did this .
This is a six months visualization of my life .
You can zoom in and go back and go back .
You can see every step I give .
And you can see how it 's going to be <unk> in the <unk> <unk> , and how often I call it on the journey .
All of this is possible with this information .
That 's a little bit of fear .
But it 's not just about me .
It 's about all of us .
First , there are things like , I call my wife and she calls me , we talk a couple of times .
Then they call me some friends and they call each other .
And then you call the other , and each other , and we ended up with this huge network of communications .
You can see how people communicate to each other at which time they call each other , what time they sleep .
You can see all this .
You can see the centers , the leaders of the group .
If you have access to this information , you can see what society is doing .
If you have access to this information , you can control your society .
This is a model for countries like China and Iran .
This is a model to study the shape of your society , because you know who 's talking to who , who is email to who , and all of this is possible if you have access to this information .
And this information is stores at least six months in Europe , and to two years .
As I said at the beginning , imagine if all these people in the streets of Berlin , in the fall of 1989 , had a cell phone in your pocket .
And the <unk> had known who was involved in this protest , and if the <unk> had known who were the leaders , this would never have happened .
The Berlin Wall is probably never happened .
And , as a result , not every single year 's <unk> .
Because today state agencies and companies want to store so much information from us as possible within the web .
They want to have the possibility to follow our lives and they want to store them forever .
But the self-determination and living in the digital age is not a contradiction .
But today you have to fight to self-determination .
You have to fight for that every day .
When you go home , tell your friends to tell your friends that privacy is a 21st century value , and that 's not that fashion .
When you go home , tell your representative representative that only because companies and state agencies can store some information , they do n't have to .
And if you do n't believe me , ask your phone company , what information they store from you .
So in the future , every time you use your mobile phones to remind you , they have to fight for a self-determination in the digital era .
Thank you .
Hi TEDWomen , what happens ?
It 's not enough .
Hi TEDWomen , what happens ?
I call myself <unk> <unk> , and I 'm not <unk> , but I know the doctor who brought me to the world .
I gave my mom to my mom six different directions , <unk> the poor of me in the process .
As a result , I have cerebral palsy , so I 've got a cerebral palsy .
Look .
It 's exhausting . I 'm like a mixture of <unk> .
and Muhammad in .
<unk> C. It is not genetics .
It 's not <unk> or contract .
No one <unk> my mother 's uterus and not <unk> because my parents were cousins , although they are .
It 's just about accidents , as I came up with .
Now I warn you , I 'm not an inspiration source .
It feels bad for me , because at some point in life , they have just been disabled .
Go for a walk .
You know , you 're in the mall , you 're in the mall , they 're driving in and what do you see ?
16 places for disabled .
And they think , `` God , can I be at least a little disabled ? ''
In addition , I tell you , I have 99 problems , and my procreation is just one of them .
There 's a <unk> of the oppression , I would win the gold medal .
I 'm Palestinian , Muslim , woman , disabled and living in New Jersey .
If you do n't feel better , you might have to do it .
I 'm from <unk> Park , in New Jersey .
I always loved that my neighborhood and my disease had the same initial .
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my home to New York , I could .
Many people with cerebral palsy , but my parents do n't believe in `` ca n't . ''
The mantra of my father was , `` You can do it ; he 's dancing .
If my three older sisters <unk> , I cleaned up .
If my three older sisters went to the public school , my parents went to the school system , and it was <unk> from me to be , and if we did n't take all the top of the top of my mother , all of my mother took off .
My father taught me to walk at five years putting my heel in his feet and just walking .
The other tactic I used was to hang up a dollar in front of me , so that he was <unk> .
The <unk> that I carry inside was very strong .
Yeah . The first day in kindergarten was walking like a boxing champion who received many strikes .
Growing up , there were only six Arabs in my city and they were all of the family .
Now there 's 20 Arabs , and they 're still all of the family , I think nobody realized that we were n't Italians Italians .
This was before 9/11 , and the politicians thought appropriate to use `` I hate the Muslims . ''
The people that I grew up with had no problems with my faith .
But nevertheless , it seemed like a lot of <unk> dying during the <unk> .
I told you that I had enough fat to live three entire months without eating , so fast at dawn at dusk is very easy .
I danced in Broadway .
Yes , on Broadway . It 's crazy . My parents could n't afford the physical therapy , so they sent me to dance school .
I learned to dance with heels , so I can walk in a heels .
I 'm from New Jersey , and there we want to be <unk> , so if my friends used heels , I also .
And when my friends were going to spend summer vacation on the Jersey coast , I was n't going .
I spent my summers in a war zone , because my parents worried that if we do n't go back to Palestine every summer , we would drop it into Madonna .
On the summer holidays , often my father was <unk> , so I would drink <unk> milk on my back , and I was stuck in the Dead Sea , and I remember the water <unk> my eyes and I thought , `` It works , it works ! ''
But the miracle cure was yoga .
I should say that it 's very boring , but before I do this , I was a comedian 's comedian who could n't stand up .
And now I can stand on my head .
My parents <unk> this idea that I could do anything , that no dream was impossible , and my dream was to be in the General Hospital .
I went to college through positive discrimination and I got a scholarship for the <unk> , University of the state of Arizona , because I was in all the <unk> .
It was like the pet <unk> of the theater department .
Everybody loved me .
I did all the tasks of the least smart , I took the top story in my classes , and also in his classes .
Every time I was doing a scene from the glass zoo , my professors are <unk> .
But I never got a role .
Finally , in my last year , the <unk> decided to make a work called a very slow dance in Jackson .
It 's a work of a girl with cerebral palsy .
I was a girl with cerebral palsy .
So I started screaming at the four winds , `` I 'll have a role .
I have cerebral palsy !
<unk> ! At free !
Thank you to God all-powerful , I 'm just free !
I did n't get the paper . They gave it to apologize .
I went to <unk> , running into the director of the theater department , crying out historically , as if someone had killed my cat , and she asked me why , and she said , because they thought I could n't do the risk stunts .
And I said , `` Excuse me , if I ca n't do the risk stunts , you ca n't the character . ''
It was a paper that was literally born and gave an actress without cerebral palsy .
College was imitating my life .
Hollywood has a <unk> history of <unk> actors for disabled roles .
When I graduated from , I went back home , and my first tour tour was like extra on an opera .
My dream became true .
And I knew it would be <unk> from `` mate '' to `` <unk> friend '' in a <unk> .
Instead , I stayed there as a vase , he did n't look more than the back to the back , and it was evident to me that <unk> directors do n't <unk> <unk> , no white , with disabilities .
They just run to perfect people .
But there were exceptions to the rule .
I grew up watching Goldberg <unk> , <unk> <unk> , Ellen , and all of these women had one thing in common : they were comedians .
That 's why I made it <unk> .
On my first tour , he took famous comics from New Jersey to New Jersey , and I 'll never forget the face of the first comedian that took when he fell into the realization that I was going at high speed on the New Jersey highway with a driver who had cerebral palsy .
I worked in clubs all the U.S. , and also in Arabic in the Middle East , without censorship and no veil .
Some people say I 'm the first <unk> of the Arab world .
I never like to claim the first place , but I do know you never heard that little nasty rumor that women are not fun , and they find ourselves very fun .
In 2003 , my brother and father , Dean <unk> , and I launched the <unk> Comedy Festival in New York City , now in his <unk> year .
Our goal was to change the negative image of <unk> in media , and at the time I remind you of <unk> , which <unk> and Arabic are not synonymous .
<unk> to Arabs was much easier than fighting the challenge of stigma for disability .
My big opportunity came in 2010 .
I was like invited to the news program by cable stands with Keith <unk> .
I walked in like a high school dance , I joined a studio and sat me in a wheelchair .
I looked at the principal , and I said , `` Excuse me , can you give me another chair ? ''
And she looked at me and said , `` Five , four , three , two ... ''
And we were live .
So I held on the desk in speaker to do n't get out of the screen during the segment , and when I finished the interview , he was pale .
At the end , I had my opportunity , and I knew I knew they would n't get me .
But not only Mr. <unk> came back to me , but I was like my full-time participant in time and bashed my chair .
A funny thing that I learned in live with Keith <unk> was that people on the Internet are scum .
It 's said that kids are cruel , but it 's never taken away from me or even older .
Suddenly , my disability on the Internet became fun of fun .
I would see clips online with comments like , `` Why are you shaking ? ''
`` Is it <unk> ? ''
And my favorite : `` Poor terrorist <unk> .
What a disease has ?
We should really pray for it . ''
One reviewer even suggested that I would add my disability to my curriculum : writer , comedian , paralyzed .
disability is as visual as the race .
If someone in a wheelchair ca n't do <unk> , then <unk> ca n't make someone in a wheelchair .
<unk> are -- Yeah , clap , man . Come on .
The disabled are the largest minority of the world , and the most <unk> in the world of entertainment .
Doctors said not to walk , but I 'm here in front of you .
However , I 've grown up with the media , I do n't think it was .
I hope we can create some more positive images of disability in media and everyday lives .
Maybe if there were more positive images , I would have less hate on the Internet .
Or maybe not .
Maybe we still need the whole society to teach our kids well .
My tortuous journey has taken me to very spectacular places .
I came to <unk> by the red carpet <unk> by the <unk> of Susan <unk> and infamous <unk> <unk> .
I came to act in a movie with Adam <unk> and working with my idol , the incredible Dave Matthews .
<unk> the world running `` Arabs have gone crazy . ''
I was <unk> in representation of the great state of New Jersey in 2008 .
And I founded `` The Children of <unk> , '' a charity to give the Palestinian refugee kids a lot of what my parents gave me .
It was the only time my father saw me acting alive , and I do this talk to his memory .
Back in peace .
I call myself <unk> <unk> , and if I can , you can , too .
I 'd like to tell you a story about a small village .
I do n't know his name , but I know your story .
He lives in a small village in the South <unk> .
This village is near <unk> .
<unk> drives the small town to poverty and on the edge of starvation .
Without anything to him there , you go to the great city , in this case , <unk> , the Somalia of Somalia .
When it comes there , there 's no opportunity , no work , no job perspectives .
He just lived in a tent outside of <unk> .
After maybe a year , <unk> , nothing .
One day you give it to lunch , then for dinner , to breakfast .
He meets a dynamic group of people , which gives you a break .
It gets a little bit of money to get new clothes , money to send home , to their family .
They presented to a young man .
Eventually , they go home .
It starts a new life .
It has a life goal .
A beautiful day in <unk> , under a blue sky , bursts into a car bomb .
That child from that little town with the great city dreams was the suicide bomber , and that dynamic group of people were to <unk> , a terrorist organization connected to al Qaeda .
So , how do the story of a small village trying to fulfill his dreams in the city end up with him <unk> ?
He was waiting for .
I was waiting for an opportunity , hoping to start his future , waiting for a future perspective , and this was the first thing that he did .
This was the first thing that he took him out of what we call `` waiting period . ''
And his story repeats in urban centers around the world .
It 's the history of the outcasts , young people who are unemployed <unk> in Johannesburg , <unk> riots in London , looking for something beyond the waiting period .
For young people , the promise of the city , the great dream of the city is the opportunity , of jobs , of well-being , but young people do n't participate in the prosperity of their cities .
It 's often the youth that suffers from the highest rates of unemployment .
By 2030 , three of all five people living in cities will be under 18 years .
If we do n't include young people in our cities , if we do n't provide opportunities , the story of the waiting period , the door access door to terrorism , violence , gangs , will be the story of cities 2.0 .
And in my birth town , <unk> , 70 percent of young people are unemployed .
70 percent do n't work , it does n't go to school .
They do n't pretty much do anything .
I came back last month , and I went to visit <unk> Hospital , the hospital where I was born .
I remember standing in front of that hospital , thinking , `` What if I was never left ? ''
What if I had seen forced to be in that same `` waiting period '' ?
Would I have become a terrorist ?
I 'm not really sure the answer .
The reason I was in <unk> that month was actually to house a few juvenile leaders at a business summit .
They went to a 90 state of 90 leaders to go .
We sat down and we had a brainstorming of ideas to the great challenges facing the city .
One of the young people in the room was <unk> .
He went to the University of <unk> , graduated .
There was no job , no opportunity .
I remember when he told me , that because I was a graduate student , unemployed , frustrated , was the perfect white for al Shabaab and other terrorist organizations , to be recruited .
They were looking for people like him .
But this story takes a different path .
In <unk> , the biggest obstacle to reach from point A to B is the streets .
<unk> years of civil war have destroyed the road system , and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to mobilize .
He saw an opportunity and rose .
He started a motorcycle company .
He started off with motorcycles to local residents who usually did n't get 'em .
I bought 10 motorbikes , with the help of his family and friends , and his dream is at some point expanding to hundreds of motorbikes over the next three years .
Why is this story different ?
What does this story do differently ?
I think their ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity .
It 's the spirit , and I think the spirit spirit can be the most powerful tool against the waiting period .
They 're going to be the creators of the economic opportunities that they 're looking for so desperately .
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs .
I want to talk to you about a young man who was attending one of my meetings , Mohamed <unk> , a <unk> .
I was helping me to train some of the young people at the top of business initiative and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of business initiative .
In fact , it 's the first <unk> that <unk> has seen over 22 years , and until recently , until recently , until Mohamed came , if you wanted a flowers for your wedding , we were <unk> from the abroad .
If you gave someone , `` When was the last time you saw flowers fresh ? ''
For those who grew up during the civil war , the answer would be , `` Never . ''
So Mohamed saw an opportunity .
He started a company from <unk> and floral design .
I created a farm outside of <unk> , and he started to grow <unk> and <unk> , who said , could survive the hard climate of <unk> .
And it began the delivery of flowers for weddings , building gardens in the houses , and the city companies , and now it 's working on the creation of the first public park in 22 years .
There are no public parks in <unk> .
He wants to create a space where families , young people , can go together , and like he says , smell the pink roses .
By the way , he does n't grow roses because they use a lot of water .
So the first step is to inspire young people , and in that room , the presence of Mohamed had a really profound impact on the young .
They had never thought about starting a business .
They had thought about working for an NGO , working for the government , but their story , their innovation , really had a strong impact on them .
It forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunity .
I encouraged them to believe that they might be entrepreneurs , that they might be <unk> .
By the end of the day , they had innovative solutions for some of the biggest challenges facing the city .
They 're providing business solutions for local problems .
So , inspire young people and creating a business of business , is really a big step , but young people need capital to make their ideas .
They need expertise and guidance to guide them in the development and put on their businesses .
They were saving young people with the resources they need , they would promote the support that they need to move from conception to creation , and create <unk> for urban growth .
For me , the business spirit is something else to start a business .
It 's creating a social impact .
Mohamed is not just selling flowers .
I think it 's selling hope .
The Peace Park , this is how it calls it , when it 's created , transform the way people see their city .
<unk> hired children from the street to help rent and keep my bikes for him .
He gave them the opportunity to escape from the `` waiting period '' paralysis .
These young entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact on their cities .
So my suggestion is : to become young people in entrepreneurs , <unk> and eat their inherent innovation , and you have more stories about flowers and Peace Parks that <unk> and `` wait periods of waiting . ''
Thank you .
I was about 10 years old , and I went camping with my dad in the <unk> Mountains , a <unk> area north of New York City .
It was a beautiful day .
The <unk> forest .
The sun was making the Sun out as a <unk> , and it 's not going to be on the way we were still , we could almost pretend we were the first human beings to step on that land .
We got to our camp .
It was a <unk> in a <unk> , with a beautiful lens of sight when I discovered something horrible .
Behind the shed there was a dump , about four square meters with rotten apple balls , aluminum balls , and old eyes .
And I was choked up , I was very angry and incredibly confused .
<unk> that were too lazy to pull out what they had brought , who thought he was going to clean up their garbage ?
That question kept with me , and it took a little bit .
Who cleans our garbage ?
No matter how to organize or where put our own , who clean our trash in Istanbul ?
Who clean our trash in Rio or in Paris or London ?
Here in New York , the Department of <unk> cleans our trash , to reason for 11,000 tons of waste and two tons of recyclable products every day .
I wanted to know that as individuals .
I wanted to understand who 's doing that work .
What do you feel like to use the uniform and get that burden ?
So I started a research project with them .
I traveled in the trucks and walked along the tracks and interviewed people in offices and installations around the city , and I learned a lot , but it was still a <unk> .
I needed to go more .
So I started working as <unk> .
Now I do n't just ride in the trucks . I did them .
And it operated the mechanical mechanics and bar .
It was remarkable privilege and amazing learning .
They all ask about the smell .
It 's there , but it 's not as prevalent as you believe it , and in the days that it 's very strong you get used to quickly .
It costs a lot to get used to weight .
I met people who had worked on it for several years , and his bodies were continuing to <unk> the weight of getting on their body tons of trash every week .
It 's also danger .
According to the Bureau of Statistics <unk> , the waste collection is one of the ten most dangerous <unk> in the country , and I learned the reason .
You 're coming out and in the traffic all day , and they 're humming around you .
They just want to do it , so in general the driver is not paying attention .
That 's very bad for the worker .
And also junk itself is filled with dangers that often fall off the truck and cause terrible damage .
I also learned about the relentless of garbage .
When you get out of the <unk> and you see a city from the back of the truck , you get to understand that garbage is as a force of nature itself .
It never stops coming .
It 's also like a form of breathing or circulation .
It 's always a movement .
And there 's also stigma .
It seems to me that stigma is particularly ironic because I think it 's really ironic , because I think a strong deal of waste is the most important workforce in the streets of the city , for three reasons .
They 're the first protective of public health .
If you do n't get rid of the waste in the efficient and effective way every day , this starts <unk> of their containers and their dangers inherent are threaten us in very real forms .
Disease that we 've been controlled for decades and centuries coming back and start <unk> .
The economy needs them .
If we ca n't get rid of the old , we do n't have a space for what the motors of the economy start to fail when it 's in danger .
I 'm not advocating for capitalism , just pointing their relationship .
And then there 's what I call our average standard speed necessary .
I mean , just at the speed of how we used to move in the contemporary age .
We usually do n't worry about it , or otherwise , we cleaned up our coffee cup , our bag of <unk> , our water bottle .
We use them , we pull them out , we forget about them , because we know there 's a force force on the other side that 's to take of that .
So today , I want to suggest to you a couple of ways to think about the collection of waste that maybe help reduce the stigma and make it into that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city .
Her job , I think , is almost <unk> .
They 're on the street every day , <unk> .
They use a uniform in many cities .
You know when they 're going to make it .
And their work allows us to do our own .
They 're almost a way of relief .
The flow that keep us safe from ourselves , from our own waste , our bones , and that flow will always stay in one way or another .
One day after September 11th , 2001 , I heard a <unk> truck from a waste collection on the street , grabbed my little son and went down the stairs , and there was a man doing his journey of recycled paper recycled as I did all the Wednesday .
And I tried to thank him for doing his job that particular day , but I started crying .
And he looked at me and just nodded , and he said , `` We 're going to be fine .
We 're going to be okay . ''
Shortly after that I started researching the waste collection , and I went back to see that man .
It 's called <unk> , and we work together many times , and we got good friends .
I want to believe that I was right .
We 're going to be okay .
But in our efforts to rebuild the way we exist on this planet as a species , we have to include all the costs , even the very real human cost of the labor .
The city waste , what we think when we talk about garbage , represent three percent of the nation 's waste .
It 's a remarkable statistic .
So in the flow of their days and their lives , the next one to see someone whose work is to clean the garbage from you , take a moment to recognize them .
Take a moment to tell you thank you .
My work is focused on the connection of thinking about our life , forming part of the environment where architecture arose naturally from the conditions and traditions .
Today I brought two recent projects like this .
Both projects are located in emerging countries , one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia .
They also share the fact that different perspectives from different perspectives become an essential part of the final work of architecture .
The first example started with an invitation to design a shopping center of the floors in the capital of Ethiopia , Addis Ababa .
This is the kind of construction that showed us as an example , to my team and to me , about what we had to design .
At first , the first thing I thought was , `` I want to go out . ''
After seeing some of these buildings there are many in the city , we realized that there are three important aspects to highlight .
In principle , these buildings are almost empty because they have very large stores that people ca n't afford to buy things .
Second , you need to spend a lot of energy because the coating of the crystals generates heat inside , so it 's necessary for a lot of cooling .
In a city where this should n't happen because it 's about a temperate climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees throughout the year .
And third , its aspect has nothing to do with Africa or Ethiopia .
It 's a fit for a place that 's so rich in culture and traditions .
In our first visit Ethiopia , it was really engaged with the old market , which is this structure in the open , where thousands of people , they go and buy things every day to small marketers .
There 's also that idea of using public space to generate external activity .
So I thought , that 's what I really wanted to design , not a mall .
But the question was how to build a modern building , of various stories , applying these principles .
The next challenge was presented to the survey , which is located in a very much area of a lot of the city growth , where much of the buildings that we see now in the image , did n't exist .
And it 's also between two parallel streets that are not communicating in a hundred meters .
So the first thing we did was create a connection between these two streets , uniting all the entries in the building .
And this is spread with an inclined atrium in the building that creates a space in the building that was <unk> , for its own shape , the sun and rain .
And around this space we 've applied to the market with small businesses , that changes on each floor because of the form of space .
I also thought , how to close the building ?
I wanted to find a solution that will take the local climate conditions .
And I started thinking about a tissue that was similar to a <unk> shell with drilling to allow the air input , and also the light , but in a filtered shape .
We then inspire us in these beautiful buttons in dresses in the Ethiopians .
They have the properties of fractal geometry , and this helped me to model the facade .
We 're building that with these little <unk> pieces which are the windows that let the air move and light in a way that 's controlled by the inside of the building .
And this is <unk> with these little colors crystals that use light from the inside of the building to illuminate the building at night .
With these ideas , it was n't easy to convince developers because they thought , `` That 's not a mall . It 's not what we asked . ''
But ultimately , we realized that this idea of the market was going to be much more profitable than the shopping center because they had more local to sell .
And also the idea of the facade was much more economical , not only because of the material compared to the glass , but also because it was no longer necessary air conditioning .
So we got certain savings in the budget that we use to implement the project .
The first thing was to think about how to achieve the energy supply for the building in a city where electricity is short almost every day .
So we got a great advantage putting in the roof .
And then under those panels , we think about the roof as a new public space with <unk> areas , and the bars that would create this urban oasis .
And these <unk> on the roof , which were collecting water for the inner room .
It 's expected for the next year , because we go through the fifth floor of the building .
The second example is a master plan of 2,000 apartments and services in the city of Tunisia .
And to make a very large project , the biggest one that I have ever designed , I needed not just to understand the city of Tunisia , but also its environment , its tradition and culture .
During that analysis , I put attention to the <unk> , a $ 1,000 structure that was surrounded by a wall with twelve doors of connected access for almost straight lines .
When I went to the place , the first design operation that we did was expand the streets of existing , creating 12 initial blocks in size and characteristics that are in Barcelona and other cities in Europe with these courtyards .
In addition to that , we pick some strategic points in relation to the idea of the connected doors with straight lines , and this shifted the initial model .
And the last operation was to think about the cell , the small cell of the project , like an apartment , as an essential part of the master plan .
I thought , what would the best orientation for an apartment in <unk> climate ?
And it 's <unk> , because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house and therefore natural ventilation .
So you will make a schematic that makes sure that most of the apartments are perfectly future-oriented .
And this is the result that 's almost like a combination of the European block and the Arab city .
It has these blocks with courtyards , and then there 's all the connections to the pedestrians .
And it also responds to local norms that set up greater density at higher levels and lower density in the plant .
And it also reinforces this idea of the doors .
The roof , which is my favorite space of the project is almost like giving up the community of busy space .
It 's where all the neighbors , they can rise and socialize , and do such as running a dozen kilometers in the morning or jumping from a building to another .
These two examples , they have a common approach in the design process .
And also , they 're in emerging countries , where you can see cities literally growing up .
In these cities , the impact of architecture in people 's lives changes the communities and local economies at the same pace that the buildings grow .
For this reason , I see even more important to look at architecture looking for simple , affordable solutions , which improves the relationship between the community and the environment , and they have as a goal to connect nature to people .
Thank you very much .
When I was eight , a new girl joined our class . It was so remarkable , as you see all the new girls .
I had large amounts of very bright hair and a little <unk> of pencils , cute . It was super hard for the capitals of the states , very good for <unk> .
And I ended that year and I was full of jealousy , until I put my sinister sinister plan .
One day I got a time after the school exit , I was a little bit late and I hid in the girls ' bathroom .
When the coast was <unk> , I went out , I went into the classroom , I took on the table of my master 's book .
And then I did .
I had the ratings of my rival , just a little bit , just a few .
All the way . And I set out to give back the book in the box , but to see , some of my other fellows had really good grades as well .
So in a frenzy , you 're going to bring the notes around the world , without any imagination .
I put every single rows of <unk> and myself a row of it , just because I could ...
I 'm still surprised by what I did .
I do n't understand how the idea arose .
I do n't understand why I felt well doing it .
I felt important .
I do n't understand why I never caught me .
It 's all very obvious .
I never discovered .
But above all , I 'm going to tell you the reason that I was bothered by this little girl , so small , was so good at <unk> .
I was jealousy .
They are so mysterious and so forth .
We know that babies suffer from jealousy .
Also primates . The birds are very likely .
We know that jealousy is the number one cause of spouses in America .
And yet , I 've never seen a study that analyze loneliness , or the long duration or the sadness .
So , you have to go to fiction , because novels are like the laboratory that you study in all of their possible forms .
In fact , I do n't know if it 's an exaggeration to say that if there was no jealousy , I would have no literature .
Well , there would be none of the <unk> , there 's no `` Odyssey . ''
He would n't have king jealous , and `` <unk> and one nights . ''
There is no Shakespeare .
We put the high school lists , because we 'd be losing `` The Noise and <unk> , '' there would be no `` Gatsby '' or `` Party , '' we 'll lose `` Madame <unk> , '' and `` Anna K . ''
Without jealousy , there is no Proust ; I know it 's fashionable to say that Proust has the answers to everything , and in terms of jealousy , almost the ones have all of them .
This year , 100 years of his masterpiece , `` In pursuit of lost time , '' the most exhaustive study of jealousy , and also of the ordinary competitiveness , my life , everything we could have , and what we might have , and what you might have , and you have the details , we have the details , right ?
We think about a child trying to reconcile sleep .
We think about a <unk> <unk> in you .
We forgot how hard that image is .
We forgot about how relentless it is .
I mean , it 's about books that Virginia <unk> said were as tough as cat <unk> .
I do n't know what the cat takes , but we assume it 's <unk> .
Let 's see why they 're so good together , the novel and jealousy -- jealousy and Proust .
It 's going to be very obvious as jealousy , which are reduced to the person , to their desire , to their liabilities , are a <unk> narrative ?
I do n't know . I think we get very close to the bone , when we think about what happens when we feel jealousy .
When we feel jealousy , we tell ourselves a story .
A story about other people 's lives , and those stories make us feel terrible because they 're designed for that , to make us feel bad .
Being once storytellers and audience , we know exactly what details will put in , to nail the knife , right ?
The jealousy are made by all amateur novelists , and that 's something that Proust understood .
All she does for giving me pleasure could give me pleasure to another , maybe right now . ''
And you start saying that that story , and since then , Proust says that every cool charm that <unk> can be detected in their lover , adds to their collection of instruments of torture in his private camera .
You have to admit that <unk> and Proust , were notoriously jealous .
You know , Proust acts would have to leave the country , if they wanted to break it .
But you do n't have to be so jealous to recognize that it 's a hard job . Right ?
<unk> are <unk> .
It 's a hungry emotion . You have to fire it .
And how are jealousy ?
The jealousy <unk> of information .
The jealousy is using detail .
By jealousy , they like the big amounts of bright hair and the cute and little pencil <unk> .
The jealousy came from the photos .
That 's why Instagram is so successful , Proust ties into the <unk> language with jealousy .
When <unk> is in their jealousy agony , I suddenly hear behind the doors and <unk> , servants of his lover , then advocates those behaviors .
He says , `` Look , I know that you think this is <unk> , but it 's not different than the interpretation of an ancient text or to look at a memorial . ''
He says , `` These are real scientific research . ''
Proust is trying to prove that jealousy look <unk> , and they make us seem to make us seem like <unk> , but at its core , they 're search for the truth , to search for truth , a truth painful . In fact , what happens to Proust is , the more painful truth , the better .
Pain , the humiliation , the loss : these were the pathways to the wisdom of Proust .
He says , `` One woman who we need , that makes us suffer , causes us to have a range of much deeper and vital feelings than a wise man who may be interested in . ''
Is it telling us that let 's look for cruel women ?
No . I think it 's trying to say that jealousy gave us ourselves .
And there 's some other emotion that 's going to be open to us in this particular way ?
Is there any other emotion reveals us , reveals our <unk> , our awful ambition and our rights ?
Did any other emotion that teaches us to look at with intensity so peculiar ?
Freud would write about that later .
One day , Freud was visited by a young man who was consumed with the idea that his wife was consumed .
And Freud said that there was something strange in that man , who did n't tell you what his wife was doing .
Well , she was innocent ; everybody knew it .
The poor creature was under suspicion without any cause .
But he was looking for things that he did his wife , without realizing it , unintended behavior .
Is it going to be too accidentally ? Or would you accidentally become a man ?
Freud says the man was becoming the <unk> of his wife 's unconscious .
So novels are really good at this .
And novels described very well how jealousy makes us look at intensity but not accurately .
In fact , the more intensely jealous is , the more we become residents of fantasy .
And for this reason , I think , jealousy , are bringing us to do violent or illegal acts .
The jealousy drive us to behave in totally <unk> ways .
Now I 'm thinking about at the age of eight , I recognize it , but I 'm also thinking about this story I heard in the news .
One woman of Michigan for 52 years old was captured by having created a fake account on Facebook , since the one that was sending a <unk> messages to themselves , for a year .
For a year . A year .
She was trying to meet the new girlfriend of his former boyfriend , and I have to confess that when or this , I reacted with admiration .
Because let 's realistic .
How big , though unfortunate , creativity . Right ?
It 's like a novel .
Like a <unk> novel .
<unk> is one of my favorites .
She 's a very strange and brilliant character from American literature .
It 's the author of `` <unk> in a <unk> '' and `` The <unk> Mr. <unk> '' and `` The <unk> Mr. <unk> , '' and once we 're in the sphere , in the realm of jealousy , the membrane that separates what it might be , can be punch in a moment .
Take Tom <unk> , his most famous character .
Tom <unk> 's going from <unk> or want what you have you have to get from your own being , and you know , you 've ever got , and it 's under the floor , you know , it takes your rings , it takes your rings , empty your bank accounts .
It 's a way .
But what do we do ? We ca n't take the <unk> route .
I ca n't give you <unk> to everybody , as much as I want .
It 's a shame , because we live in envy times .
We live in times of jealousy .
I mean , we 're good citizens of social media , where currency is envy ? Right ?
See novels show us ? I 'm not sure .
So we 're going to do what characters always do when they 're not safe , when they 're in front of a mystery .
Let 's go to the Baker Street <unk> and ask questions by Sherlock Holmes .
When people think of Holmes , they think about the vibrational curse at Professor Moriarty , that criminal genius .
But I 've always experienced [ to Go Go <unk> ] <unk> , the head of the rat from rat Scotland who need to Holmes desperately , need Aristotle 's genius , but he 's annoyed .
Oh , I 'm so familiar .
<unk> needs their help , but they would <unk> it , and we had to <unk> it with bitterness in each of the mysteries .
But as they work together , something starts to change , and finally in `` The <unk> of <unk> <unk> , '' once Holmes enters , <unk> all of the solution , <unk> it back to Holmes and says , `` We 're not jealous , Mr. Holmes .
We 're proud of you . ''
And he says there is no person in Scotland who did n't want to shake your hand .
It 's one of the few times the time we see Adrian owned in history , and I think it 's very emotional , that scene is also mysterious , right ?
It seems to treat jealousy as a geometry problem , without emotion .
You know , in a minute Gayla 's on the opposite side of <unk> .
The next minute are the same side .
Suddenly , <unk> can be admired that idea of being <unk> .
Could it still be so simple ?
What if jealousy is really a matter of geometry , just a question of where we allow ourselves to be in relation to the other ?
Well , maybe we do n't have to get rid of the excellence of the other .
We can deal with it .
But I like the contingency plans .
So as we expect that to happen , let 's remember that we have the fiction to <unk> .
Just fiction , jealousy , jealousy .
The fiction alone alone is inviting the table .
And look at what it is : the sweet <unk> , the terrifying Tom <unk> , the <unk> <unk> , eternal Proust .
We 're in excellent company .
Thank you .
We used to solve big problems .
On July 21 , 1969 , Buzz Aldrin came out of the Apollo Channel of the Apollo 11 and landed on the <unk> Sea .
Armstrong and Aldrin were alone , but his presence on the gray surface is the culmination of a collective collective process .
The Apollo program was the largest mobilization in American history .
To get to the moon , NASA spent about 180 billion dollars today , or four percent of the federal budget .
The Apollo gave work to about 400,000 people and asked the collaboration of 20,000 companies , universities and government agencies .
People died , including the crew of Apollo 1 .
But before the Apollo program <unk> , 24 men traveled to the moon .
So he walked on top of his surface , which resulted after the death of Armstrong last year , is the most old man .
So why were they ?
They did n't have brought up a lot : <unk> pounds of old rocks , and something that 24 <unk> later , a new sense of something and the fragility of our common home .
Why ? The cynical answer is that they went because President Kennedy wanted to demonstrate the Soviets , that this nation had better rockets .
But the words of Kennedy at Rice University in 1962 is given a better idea .
John F. Kennedy : Some people ask , why the moon ?
Why turn it into our goal ?
And you might ask , why would it climb the highest mountain ?
Thirty-five years ago , why fly over the Atlantic ?
Why plays Rice against Texas ?
We choose to go to the moon .
We choose to go to the moon .
We choose to go to the moon in this decade , and do other things , not because they 're simple , but because they 're hard .
Jason <unk> : For the contemporaries , the Apollo was not just a victory of the West on the Cold War .
At the time , the strongest emotion was to wonder to transcendence of the powers of technology .
They were really great to do it .
The landing on the moon occurred in a context of a long list of technological triumphs .
The first half of the 20th century produced the assembly line and the plane , the penicillin and the vaccine for tuberculosis .
In the middle of the century , we were <unk> <unk> and eliminated .
The technology seemed to own what Alvin <unk> in 1970 called `` <unk> force . ''
For most of the history of humanity , we could n't go faster than a horse , or a boat with candle , but in 1969 , Apollo 10 flew 40,000 miles an hour .
Since 1970 , no human being has returned to the moon .
Nobody has traveled the hands of the Apollo 10 , and the joyful optimism about the power of the technology has evaporated to see that the problems that we imagine is going to be able to go to Mars , create a clean energy , cure cancer , or feed the world population seem to be intractable results .
I remember watching the Apollo 17 .
I was five years old , and my mother told me to do n't look at the <unk> tube from the rocket Saturn V .
I knew vague that this would be the last mission , but I was absolutely sure that I 'd come to see the colonies on Mars .
So that of `` Something happened to our ability to solve problems with technology , '' has become a common place .
We hear it all the time .
We 've heard it for the last two days here at TED .
It looks like technologists would have distracted us and had enriched players with trivial toys , things like iPhones and applications and algorithms , or algorithms that speed the automated selling .
There 's nothing wrong with most of these things .
They 've extended and enriched our lives .
But they do n't solve the big problems of humanity .
What happened ?
There 's a parish explanation in Silicon Valley , which <unk> that have been created less ambitious companies than the ones of the years in which Intel <unk> , Microsoft , Apple and <unk> .
Silicon Valley says that markets are guilty , in concrete , incentives that the risk capitalists are offering entrepreneurs .
Silicon Valley says that risk investment caused the creation of ideas that are going to happen by funding , by incremental problems , or even false problems .
But I do n't think this explanation is good enough .
It was mainly going wrong in <unk> Valley .
Even when the risk capitalists were at their peak , not caring about the risk , they preferred small investments , that they could go out in 10 years .
<unk> . They 've always had problems to invest in technologies like energy , that need a huge capital , and which development is a long term , and that has n't invested in developing technologies , because they do n't have an immediate commercial value .
No , the reasons why we ca n't solve the big problems are more complicated and more profound .
Sometimes we 're choosing not to solve the big problems .
We could go to Mars if we wanted to .
NASA has even designed a plan .
But going to Mars , would require a political decision that was popular , and that will never happen .
We 're not going to go to Mars because everyone thinks there are more important things to do on Earth .
Sometimes , we ca n't solve the big problems because the political systems fail .
Today , less than two percent of global energy consumption comes from sources of renewable energy as solar , wind and <unk> -- less than two percent , and the reason is completely economic .
Coal and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind , and oil is cheaper than the <unk> .
We want the sources of alternative energy that can compete at the price .
Now , technologists , entrepreneurs and economists agree about what policy and treaties international treaties , the development of an alternative energy -- mostly a significant increase in research and development , and some kind of control of the price of coal .
But there is no hope in the current political climate that we will see an energy policy in the U.S. or international treaties that reflect consensus .
Sometimes the big problems that seemed technological , it turns out not to be .
We know for a long time that famine is a result of failure in the workforce .
But 30 years of research has taught us that hunger are political crisis that affect the distribution of food .
Technology can improve things like crop or systems for storage and <unk> , but there will be famine while there were bad governments .
Finally , the big problems sometimes make a solution because we do n't understand the problem .
President Nixon declared the cancer in 1971 , but soon we discovered that there are many types of cancer , some of them terribly resistant to treatment , and only in the last 10 years seem to have been found effective and viable treatments .
The hard problems are hard .
It 's not true that we could n't solve problems with technology .
We can , and these four elements of being here : The political leaders and the population must want to want to solve the problem ; institutions must support the solution ; it must be really a technological problem , and we need to understand it .
The Apollo mission , which has become something like a metaphor for the ability of technology to solve big problems , it does with those criteria .
But it 's a <unk> model in the future .
We 're not in 1961 .
There 's no competition for <unk> as in the Cold War , there 's no politician like John Kennedy who was difficult and the dangerous , and there 's no popular mythology of science fiction like exploring the solar system .
Generally , going to the moon , turned out to be straightforward .
It was just three days .
And it really was n't even address any problem anymore .
We are alone in our present , and the solutions of the future will be harder to get .
God knows that we 're not missing the challenges .
Thank you very much .
Well , I 'm going to talk about trust , and I 'm going to start with <unk> ideas that you have about trust .
They 're so common that they have become the cliches of our society .
I think they 're three .
The first one is a claim : there 's been a great decline in trust , it 's a very widespread belief .
The second one is a goal : we should have more confidence .
And the third one is a task : we should get trust .
I think they have the claim , and the task , the task and the task has been wrong .
What I 'm going to try and tell you today is a different story about a claim , a goal and a task , which I think gives a more clear idea about it .
First claim , why do people think that trust has decreased ?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence , I do n't know the answer .
I 'll turn to think that it can have gone down in some activities or institutions , and that might have escalated into others .
I 'm not sure .
But I can turn to the opinion polls , and the opinion polls you 're supposed to be supposed to be the source of belief that trust has decreased .
When you look at survey polls over time , there 's no many evidence of it .
I mean , the people who were <unk> 20 years ago , mainly journalists and politicians , still inspired the same mistrust .
And the people who were very reliable 20 years ago are still quite reliable : judges , nurses .
The rest of us in the middle , and by the way , the average citizen of the street is almost exactly halfway .
But is this evidence for enough ?
What polls for opinion are , of course , opinions .
What else can you register ?
What you look at is the generic attitudes that people behave when they 're asked by certain questions .
Are you in politicians ? Trust ?
Now , if someone asked you , `` Are you going to ask you in the <unk> ?
Did you go back in the fishermen ?
In elementary teachers ?
You probably would say , `` To do what ? ''
And that would be a very sane response .
And you could say , when you 've been answered , you say , `` Well , I trust some of them , but in others . ''
What 's very rational .
Ultimately , in real life , we tend to deposit trust in a separate way .
We did n't assume that the level of trust that we 're going to feel for a certain kind of official , he official , or a guy , is going to be uniform in all cases .
I could , for example , to say I trust I trust a certain elementary teacher I know to give the class class , but in no way to drive the school <unk> .
After all , I could know that I was n't a good driver .
I could trust my friend most talkative to keep a conversation , but not maybe , to keep a secret .
Simple .
What if we have got those evidence in our everyday lives in the way that trust is separated , why do we stop all that knowledge when we think about trust in a more abstract way ?
I think these surveys are very bad tools to measure the real level of real trust , because they 're trying to promote the good judgment of being trusted or someone .
Secondly , what about the goal ?
The goal is to have more confidence .
Frankly , I think it 's an stupid goal .
It 's not the goal that I 'm going to do .
I would get more confidence in what it is to trust you , but not what it is .
Ultimately , I 'm a keen not to rely on what is not reliable .
And I think those people who were saving their savings with the very rightly rightly named Mr. Madoff , who then disappeared with them , I think about them , and I think , well , they were too confident .
Having more confidence is not an intelligent goal in this life .
You 're guessing that 's all about intelligence , that 's the right goal .
Once you say it , it says , yes , yes , it means that what matters in the first place is not trust , but trustworthiness .
What it 's about to do is to make a judgment on how reliable people are in certain ways .
And I think in order to make a trial , we 're forced to focus on three things .
Are they competent ? Are they honest ? Are they responsible ?
And if we find that one person is competent , and it 's responsible and honest , then we 'll have a very good reason to trust it , because it 's going to be worthy of trust .
But if , in contrast , they 're not responsible , we could n't trust them .
I have friends who are competent and honest , but I did n't trusted them to take an email , because they 're <unk> .
I have friends who are very confident that you can do certain things , but I see that you 're going to take your own skills .
And I 'm very happy to say that I do n't think I have a lot of friends who are competent and responsible , but extremely <unk> .
If I did , I still did n't realize it .
But that 's what we 're looking for : trustworthiness .
Trust is the answer .
trustworthiness is what we need to judge .
And of course , it 's hard .
Over the last few decades , we 've been trying to build accountability systems for all kinds of institutions , professionals , officials , and they made us easier to judge their reliability .
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect .
They do n't work as they should .
I remember one time I was talking to a <unk> and said , `` Well , you see , the problem is that it takes more time to make paperwork that will attend childbirth . ''
And we find the same problem in our entire public life , and institutional , that accountability system is destined to ensure trustworthiness and testing of trustworthiness , actually , is doing the opposite .
What they do is you want the work of people who have to do hard tasks , like the midwives , <unk> that `` Let 's use the boxes '' as we say .
I 'm sure you all know similar examples .
Everything , for the goal .
I think that the goal should be more trustworthiness , and that things would be different if they were to be worthy of trust , and we 're going to give them to the people who are reliable , and if we 're going to try to determine whether other people , officials are worthy of trust .
It 's not easy . It 's the judgment , simple actions , attitudes , what does n't do properly .
Third , the task .
You get to the task to rebuild trust , puts things backwards .
It suggests that you and I should rebuild trust .
Well , we can do it with ourselves .
We can reconstruct a little bit of trustworthiness .
We can do it if they 're two people , together , trying to improve trust .
But trust , ultimately , it 's distinctive , because they give us the other people .
You ca n't reconstruct what other people have given you .
You have to give them the foundation , so you can trust you .
You have to be worthy of trust .
And that , of course , is because you ca n't cheat , usually , all the time , all the time .
But you also have to add <unk> tests that you are worthy of trust .
How do you do that ?
That 's a daily basis , everywhere , makes the ordinary people , the officials , the institutions , very effectively .
I 'll give you a simple commercial example .
The store where I buy my socks says I can return them without giving them .
I take them , and I get the money back , or you change it for the color I want .
That 's great . I rely on them because they became vulnerable to me .
I think there 's a big lesson on that .
If you become vulnerable to the other part , that 's a very good test that you 're worthy of trust and you have confidence in what you 're saying .
So , at the end , I think what we 're aiming at is not a very difficult thing to tell .
What people rely on is relationships , and in that framework , they can determine when and how the other person is worthy of trust .
Thank you .
From the beginning of computers , we have been working tirelessly to reduce the separation between us and digital information , the separation between our material world and the world of the screen in which the imagination can be done .
This separation has been reducing , increasingly and more , to such a point that today is less than one millimeter , the thickness of a glass display , and the power of computing has become accessible to everyone .
But I wonder , do n't there be barriers ?
I started to imagine what it would be like .
So first I created this tool that you get into digital space , so that when the strong <unk> against the screen transfers its physical physical body to the pixels .
Designers can prescribe their ideas directly in 3D , and surgeons can practice virtual organs under the screen .
So , with this tool , the barriers is broken .
But the two hands stay still out of the screen .
How do you get inside and interact with digital information using all the dexterity of your hands ?
In the mathematical Science division of Microsoft , along with my mentor <unk> <unk> , <unk> the computer and transformed a little space on the keyboard in a digital area of work .
So I combined a very transparent display of depth cameras to detect their fingers and the face , now you can pick up your hands on the keyboard , get inside of the 3D space , and grab the missing pixels directly with your hands .
Like windows and archives have a location in real space , <unk> is as easy as grab a shelf on a shelf .
You can flip through the book and <unk> lines or words with the virtual tactile sensor , which is underneath every floating screen .
Architects can stretch or rotate their models directly with their hands .
In these examples , we 're sitting in the digital world .
What if we invest the papers and make the digital information come to us ?
Surely , many of us will be bought and returned by the Internet .
Now that does n't have to worry about .
What I have here is a virtual colonoscopy for the Internet .
This is the vision that you get from a device mounted on your head or translucent when the system understands your body geometry .
If we take this idea further , I thought , instead of just seeing pixels in space , how can we make physical them so that we can touch them and feel them ?
What would be a future ?
At the MIT Media Lab with my tutor Hiroshi Ishii and my collaborator <unk> Post , we created this only physical pixel .
This spherical imam behaves as a pixel in 3D in space , which means that both the computer as users can move the object anywhere inside of this small three-dimensional space .
<unk> , what we did was ring the gravity and control the movement through a combination of levitation and mechanical and detectors .
And by programming the object , we release it from time constraints and space , which means that human movements can be able to get back to reproduce and stay forever in the physical world .
You can teach physically <unk> and distance , and the famous shot of Michael Jordan is able to reproduce as a physical reality , the times we wanted .
Students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concepts like the movement of planets , the physics , and , unlike the monitors or the textbooks , this is a real and palpable experience that you can touch and feel . It 's very powerful .
But what 's most fascinating to change the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our everyday physical activities .
As you see , digital information is not just going to show us something , but to start acting directly on us as part of the physical world around us without that we have to get rid of our world .
We started today talking about a barrier , but if we suppress that barrier , the only limit left is our imagination .
Thank you .
I was thrilled to become <unk> for two years in <unk> , China , in the '70s .
When I was in the first grade , the government wanted to give him a school for athletes with all expenses payments .
But my tiger mother said , `` No . ''
My parents wanted me to become engineering , like them .
Then to survive the Cultural Revolution , they believed strongly that there was only an accurate path towards happiness : a safe and good job .
No matter whether the job I 'd like to do n't .
But my dream was to be a Chinese opera singer .
This was me , in my imaginary piano .
An opera singer has got to start <unk> from very young to learn the tricks , so I tried everything I could to go to the opera school .
I even wrote to the school director and the host of a radio program .
But no adult , I would give you the idea .
No adult I took me seriously .
Only my friends were supportive , but they were children , without authority , like me .
So at the age of 15 , I knew it was too much too much longer to train .
My dream will never be made .
I was afraid for the rest of my life a second class happiness was the only thing you could aspire to .
And this was so unfair .
So I decided to look for another calling .
Nobody around me wanted to teach me ? Okay .
Let 's go to the books .
[ `` Works <unk> '' ] [ `` ] <unk> de History ] [ `` <unk> '' ] [ `` <unk> '' ] [ `` <unk> '' ] [ `` <unk> '' ] [ `` <unk> '' ] [ `` <unk> '' ] [ `` <unk> '' ] [ `` <unk> '' ] [ `` <unk> '' ] [ `` <unk> '' ] [ `` <unk> '' ] [ ``
Those who were banned in China , of course .
`` The Great Earth '' is about Chinese Chinese life .
And it 's not a convenient thing to do .
The Bible is interesting , but strange .
That 's a topic for another day .
But the fifth commandment of commandment , it was an epiphany : `` Let 's get your father and your mother . ''
`` <unk> , '' I said , `` It 's so different , and much better to obey . ''
So it became my tool to get out of this trap trap <unk> and to reset the relationship with my parents .
I meet a new culture also led to my comparative reading habit .
It 's a lot of perspectives .
For example , at the beginning , this map seemed to me out of place because this is what the students in China learn .
It had never occurred to me , that China did n't have to be in the center of the world .
A map involves people 's perspective .
Now , comparative reading is not new .
It 's a common practice in the academic world .
There are to research fields as a comparative religion and comparative literature .
Comparing and contrast , offers to academics a deeper understanding of a topic .
And I thought , if the comparative reading worked for research , why not do it in everyday life ?
So I started reading books from two .
They can be about people , `` Benjamin Adams , '' [ `` John Adams '' ] [ `` John Adams '' ] They were involved in a same event , or friends with shared experiences .
For Christ , temptation are economic and political and spiritual .
By the Buddha , it 's all psychological : lust , fear and social duty -- interesting .
If you know another language , it 's also fun to read your favorite books in two languages .
[ `` The path of <unk> Tzu ] [ `` The Mountain of Tao '' Thomas <unk> ] [ the road ] rather than lost in the translation , found that you can win a lot of it .
For example , it 's through the translation I realized that `` happiness '' in Chinese literally means `` fast joy . ''
And `` girlfriend '' in Chinese , literally means `` new mum . '' uh-oh .
The books opened up a magic door to connect with people from the past and the present .
I know I 'm not going to feel alone or powerless .
Having a broken dream is really nothing compared to what many others have suffered .
I 've come to believe that fulfillment is not the only purpose of a dream .
Their most important purpose is to connect with the place of the dreams , where the passion is , where the happiness comes from .
Until a broken dream can do that for you .
And it 's because of the books , I 'm here today , happy , living with purpose and clearly , most of the time .
So , the books always join you .
Thank you .
Thank you .
When I was in my <unk> , I saw my first client of psychotherapy .
I was a Ph.D. student in clinical psychology in Berkeley .
She was a woman in 26 years called Alex .
So Alex walked into the first session , using jeans and a <unk> across my office , threw out the shoes and said I wanted to talk about their problems with men .
When I heard this , I felt so relieved .
My graduate partner had a first client .
And I had a <unk> I wanted to talk about men .
I thought I could handle it .
But I did n't .
With the <unk> stories that Alex brought to the sessions , it made me easy to just move his head while we 're going to get the solution .
`` 30s are the 20th , '' he said Alex , and what I saw , she was right .
You start working afterwards , you get home later , you have kids later , to death afterwards .
In fact , it 's like Alex and I had time around .
But shortly afterwards , my supervisor pushed me to press Alex that I would talk about his loving life .
I was resistant .
I said , `` Of course , he 's coming out with guys underneath her category , he sits down with a <unk> , but it 's not like you get married with him . ''
And then my supervisor said , `` Still no , but maybe they get married next .
Also , the best time to work in the marriage of Alex is before they get married . ''
This is what psychologists call `` Aha ! ''
It was when I realized the '30s is n't the new <unk> .
Yes , people feel head after what used to be used , but this did n't make them in Alex , they pause it in its development .
This made it that Alex was the perfect time , and we were wasting it .
And so I realized that this kind of metaphysical negligence was a real problem , and he had real implications , not just for Alex and his life , but for careers , the families and the future of <unk> everywhere .
There are 50 million <unk> in the United States today .
This means 15 percent of the population , or 100 percent if they think no one comes to the age of time without spending before they were <unk> .
Raise your hand if you 're in your <unk> .
I want to see the <unk> here .
Oh , yeah ! They 're amazing .
If you work with <unk> , they love a two-by-two , you know , I want to see . It 's okay . Incredible , really matter .
This is not just my opinion . These are the facts .
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will happen to 35 years .
This means that eight out of every 10 decisions and experiences , `` Aha ! '' that shape your life will have happened when you have 30 and so many .
People from over 40 , trained in panic .
This audience is going to be okay , I think .
We know that the first 10 years of a race have an exponential impact on the amount of money you gain .
We know that over half of the Americans are married , they live or are coming out with their future partner at 30 .
We know that the brain ends up their second and last stage of growth in its <unk> and <unk> for adulthood , which means that if there 's something you want to change in themselves , it 's now the moment to change it .
And we know that the personality changes more times during their wife than at any other time in life , and we know that female fertility goes to the top at the 28 , and things get complicated to the 35 .
<unk> are the time to educate us on your body and their options .
When we think about the development of the child , we all know that the first five years are crucial for language and attachment in the brain .
It 's a moment when your everyday and everyday life has an impact on the person who will become .
But what we do n't hear often is that there 's something called adult development and our <unk> are a critical moment in adult development .
But this is not what <unk> are listening .
The newspapers speak about changes in the timeline of adulthood .
The researchers call <unk> an extended adolescence .
Journalists are <unk> `` <unk> '' and `` <unk> . ''
It 's true .
As a culture , we have considered a triviality , which is actually the decade that defines the adulthood .
Leonard Bernstein said that to achieve great things , you need a plan and not enough time .
Is n't it true ?
What do you think happens when they give a pat on your head and say , `` Do you have another 10 years to start your life ? ''
Nothing happens .
They stole it to that person the sense of urgency and ambition and it 's absolutely nothing .
And then every day , smart , interesting <unk> like you or your daughters get into my office and say something like this : `` I know my boyfriend is not good for me , but this relationship does n't account . I 'm just killing you . ''
Or they say , `` Everybody says that as I start a race before 30 , everything will be good . ''
But then it starts to sound like this : `` My <unk> are <unk> , and I still have nothing to show .
I had a better curriculum on the day I graduated from college . ''
And then it starts to sound like this : `` My dates during the <unk> were like the game game .
They were constantly running , but then at some point around 30 , it turned out the music , and everybody started to sit .
I did n't want to be the only one who would stop , so I sometimes think I married my husband because he was the nearest chair when I was 30 . ''
Where are the <unk> here ?
Do n't do that .
Well , that sounds slightly extreme , but the risks are very high .
When you leave a lot of things for the '30s , there 's a huge amount of pressure at 30 and so many of you to start a race , choose a city , choose a couple , and have two or three children in a much shorter time period .
Many of these things are not compatible , and there 's some research that starts to show , which is much more difficult and stressful to do everything once to the '30s .
The middle age crisis is not about buying red cars .
It 's about realizing you ca n't have the career you want now .
You realize you ca n't have the son you want now , or you ca n't give you a brother to your son .
Many <unk> and <unk> look at themselves , and I was sitting in the room , and they talk about his <unk> , `` What was I doing ? What was I thinking ? ''
I want to change what the <unk> are doing and thinking .
Here 's a story about how it could be .
It 's a story about a woman named Emma .
By 25 , Emma came to my office because I was , in his own words , having an identity crisis .
He said he 'd like to work in art or in entertainment , but I still could n't decide , so I spent the last few years working like a <unk> .
As it was cheaper , he lived with a boyfriend that showed more temperament than ambition .
And despite living a very difficult life , their previous life had been even harder .
We often often get out on our sessions , but then they got up , and they say , `` You do n't choose your family , but you can choose your friends . ''
Well , one day Emma got his head on his legs and cried for almost every hour .
I had just bought a new book book , and I had spent the entire morning <unk> with his many contacts , but then I stayed looking at empty space that goes after the words `` In case of emergency , '' please call ...
I was at the point of hysteria when he saw me and said , `` Who 's going to be for me if I have a car accident ?
Who 's going to take care of me , if you cancer ? ''
At that time , I had a lot of work to resist and I wo n't say , `` Aye . ''
What Emma needed was not a <unk> who was really worried about .
Emma needed a better life , and I knew this was his opportunity .
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex as to just sit at him while the peaceful decade of Emma was going forward .
So , for the next few weeks and months , I told Emma three things that all ages , man or woman , deserves to know .
First , I said to Emma who would forget about that identity crisis and <unk> identity capital .
For identity capital , I mean doing something that add value to your person .
Make something a investment in what you want to be after .
I did n't know the future of Emma 's career , and nobody knows the future of the work , but I do know this : identity capital creates identity capital .
So now it 's time for that work on the other side of the country , of that time , of that company that you want to test .
I 'm not <unk> exploration , I 'm <unk> exploration that should n't count , which , by the way , is not exploration .
It 's <unk> .
I said to Emma that would explore jobs and make them count .
Second , I told Emma that urban tribes are <unk> .
The best friends are great to take you at the airport , but the <unk> who come together with friends with similar minds are limited by whom they know , what they know , what they know , how they think , how they think , and where they work .
That new piece of capital , that new person who comes out almost always comes from the nearest circle .
new things come from what they 're called weak ties of friends of friends .
Yes , half of them have a bad job or do n't have any work .
But the other half no , and the weak bonds are the shape of <unk> to this group .
Half the jobs created never released , then , knowing the head of your neighbor is the way you get a job not published .
It 's not cheating . It 's the science of how information is happening .
Finally , not less importantly , Emma believed that you do n't choose your family , but I know your friends .
This was true when I was growing up , but like <unk> , Emma soon <unk> his family , when you have a mate and form his own family .
I told Emma that the time to choose his family had arrived .
Maybe you think 30 is better age to sit on mind than 20 or even 25 , and I agree with you .
But choose the person you live in now or now or <unk> you now when everybody on Facebook start walking towards the altar is not progress .
The best time to work in your marriage is before you have , and that means being as intentional in love as you are at work .
<unk> your family must be a conscious choice from who , and what they want instead to make it work or kill the time you choose to choose you .
So what happened with Emma ?
Well , we looked at that directory , and she found the roommate of a cousin who was working in an art museum in another state .
This weak link helped him get a job there .
That job supply gave him a reason to leave the boyfriend with the <unk> .
Now , five years later , it 's special special events in museums .
This married man with a man who elected consciously .
She loves her new career , she loves her new family , and I sent myself a letter to say , `` Now the spaces of emergency contacts are not big enough . ''
Emma 's story may sound easy , but that 's what I love about working with <unk> .
It 's very easy to help you .
<unk> are like airplanes coming from the Los Angeles to come out somewhere in the west .
Just before the takeoff , a light set in its trajectory makes the difference between landing in Alaska or Fiji .
In the same way , at 21 or 25 , and even 29 , a good break , a good break , a good TED Talk can have huge effects over the next few years or even on the next generation .
Here 's my idea worth spreading all the <unk> you know .
It 's as simple as what I learned to tell to Alex .
That 's what I have now the privilege of telling you , like Emma every day : <unk> are not the new <unk> , <unk> their old age , get identity capital , using their weak ties , choose your family .
You do n't know what they did n't know or what they did n't do .
You 're deciding your life today .
Thank you .
When I was 27 years old , I left a very tough job on management consulting , for a job I was even <unk> : the faculty .
I went to teach them mathematics to elementary schools in New York City 's public schools .
And as a professor , I applied testing and testing .
I gave them tasks .
When the work came back , we ran grades .
What struck me about attention was that I.Q . was n't the only difference between my best , my worst students .
Some of those who had better performance , they had no scores of I.Q .
Some of my smartest kids were n't doing so well .
And that got me thinking .
The kind of things you need to learn in mathematics in seventh grade , they 're hard : proportions , <unk> , the area of a parallelogram .
But these concepts are not impossible , and I was very convinced that every one of my students could learn the lesson if it worked hard and over time enough .
After several years of faculty , I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a motivational perspective , from a psychological perspective .
In education , the only thing we know about how to measure best ways .
It 's the <unk> , but what if successful in school and life depends on much more than the ability to learn fast and easy ?
So I left the classrooms and went to college to become a psychologist .
I started studying children and adults in all kinds of challenging scenarios , and in every study my question was , who 's successful here and why ?
My research team and I went to the West Point West Point .
We 're trying to predict what we 're going to do to <unk> them in military training and who they 're going to be killed .
We went to the National <unk> of <unk> and tried to predict what children were going to be as far as possible in the competition .
We studied teachers who are working in really difficult neighborhoods , <unk> what teachers are still teaching for the end of the school year and those , who will be the most effective in improving their learning outcomes ?
We partnered with private companies , asking , what about these marketers are going to keep your job ?
And who 's going to make more money ?
In all those very different contexts , a feature as a significant predictor of the success .
And it was n't social intelligence .
It was n't the good look , physical health and it was not I.Q .
It was determination .
Determination is passion and perseverance to reach very long-term targets .
Hope is to have resistance .
<unk> is clinging to their future , day after day , not only for the week , not only for the month , but for years and working hard to make that future reality .
Determination is to live life as if it was a marathon , not a full speed .
A few years ago , I started studying determination in the public schools of Chicago .
I asked thousands of high school students who did my determination questionnaires , and then I waited about more than a year to see who <unk> .
It turns out that children with the more determination they had significantly chances to graduate , even when the matched them in every feature that I could measure , things like family income , the results of standardized testing , even the security that the kids felt when they were in school .
So it 's not only at West Point or at the National <unk> <unk> where it matters the determination , and it 's also in school , especially for children at risk .
For me , the most powerful thing about determination is how little we know , how little you know the science of its development .
Every day , parents and teachers are asking me , `` How can we design the determination for children ?
What should I do to teach kids a strong job ethic ?
How do I keep them motivated for the long term ? ''
The more honest answer is , I do n't know . What I know is that talent does n't give them determination .
Our data shows very clearly that there are many talented individuals who simply do n't follow ahead with their commitments .
In fact , in our data , it 's commonly related to it or it 's commonly related to talent measures .
So far , the best idea I 've heard about developing the determination in children is something called `` growth mentality . ''
This is an idea that was developed at Stanford University by Carol <unk> , and it 's the belief that the ability to learn is not fixed , that it can change with the effort .
Dr. <unk> has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain , and how it changes and it grows in response to the challenge , they 're much more likely to get sick when they fail , because they do n't believe that that failure is a permanent condition .
So the growth mindset is a great idea to develop determination .
But we need more .
And that 's where I 'm going to finish my speech , because that 's where we are .
That 's the work we have in front of us .
We need to take our best ideas , our stronger intuitions , and we need to test them .
We need to measure whether they 've been successful , and we have to be willing to fail , get it wrong , to start everything again with the lessons that we learned .
In other words , we need to be determined about making our children more determined .
Thank you .
<unk> in Taiwan like the daughter of a <unk> , one of my <unk> memories is my mother <unk> the beauty , the shape and the shape of the Chinese character .
Since that moment , I 'm obsessed with this incredible language .
But for a foreigner , it seems to be as impenetrable as the Great Wall Wall .
In the last few years , I 've been wondering if I can bring down this wall , so that you whoever I want to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language can do it .
I started thinking about how a new method of learning Chinese might be useful .
Since I was five , I started learning how to draw each of the strokes on the right sequence .
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years .
Since we only have five minutes , it 's better than we do it in a faster , simple way .
A Chinese academic <unk> 20,000 characters .
You just need a thousand to understand basic literacy .
The first 200 will allow you to understand 40 percent of the basic literature , enough to read traffic signals , menus in restaurants , understand the basic idea of the web or the newspapers .
Today I 'm going to start with eight to show you how the method works .
Are you ready ?
You open your mouth as much as you may be square .
You get a mouth .
This is a person who 's going to take a walk .
<unk> .
If the form of the fire is one person with arms on both sides , as if he 's shouting out , `` <unk> ! I 'm burning ! '' This symbol is actually originally called the form of it , but I like to believe that it 's the other way . The one that makes them work .
This is a tree .
tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree
This is a mountain .
The sun .
The moon .
The symbol of the door looks like a couple of doors from a <unk> in the old west .
We call radical at these eight characters .
It 's building blocks so they create a lot more characters .
A person .
If someone walks back , that 's `` follow . ''
As the old said , two are company , three are a crowd .
If one person stretches their arms , this person is saying , `` It 's like that big . ''
The person inside the mouth , the person 's stuck .
It 's a prisoner , just like <unk> inside the whale .
A tree is a tree . Two trees together , we have a forest .
Three trees together , we also have the forest .
Put a chart under the tree , we have the foundations .
Put a mouth on the tree , that 's an <unk> Easy . Easy to remember , because a <unk> tree is pretty stupid .
Remember the fire ?
Two fires together , it 's very hot .
Three fires together , that 's a lot of flames .
Put the fire under the two trees , that 's burning .
For us , the sun is the source of prosperity .
Two suns together , thriving .
Three together , those are flashes .
Put the sun and the shining moon together , that 's the brightness .
It also means tomorrow , after one day and one night .
The sun comes out on the horizon .
A door . Put a board inside the door , it 's the deadbolt .
Put one mouth inside the door , ask questions .
<unk> , did anybody go home ?
This person is getting hidden from a door , crying , <unk> .
On the left , we have a woman .
Two women together , they 're discussing .
Three women together , watch care .
So we 've already gone through almost 30 characters .
By using this method , the first eight radical radical will allow you to build 32 .
The next group of eight characters will build another 32 .
So with every little effort , they 'll be able to learn a couple hundred characters , which is the same thing you learn a Chinese Chinese .
So after knowing the characters , we started creating sentences .
For example , the mountain and the fire together , we have a fire mountain . It 's a volcano .
We know that Japan is the land of the rising sun .
This is a sun put in the origin , because Japan is east of China .
So a sun next to the origin , we created Japan .
One person behind Japan , what do we have ?
A Japanese person .
And the character on the left are two stacked Mountains over the other .
In ancient China , that meant in exile , because the Chinese <unk> <unk> their enemies beyond the mountains .
Today , exile has become .
A mouth that tells you where to come out is a way out .
This is a slide for remind you I have to stop talking and go down the stage . Thank you .
What I prefer to be dad is the films I came to see .
I love to share my favorite films with my kids -- when my daughter was four , we saw the magician of Oz together .
The film mastered its imagination for months .
His favorite character was <unk> , of course .
He gave her a good excuse to use a bright dress and bring a magic wand out .
But when you see that film , so many times , you get to understand it 's extraordinary .
We now live and raise our children in a kind of industrial complex event for child fantasy shows .
Yet the Oz of Oz was an event itself .
It did n't start that trend .
The trend really took 40 years later with , oddly , another film whose protagonists , a metal guy and a <unk> guy <unk> a girl dressed as a guard of the enemy .
Do you know what I 'm talking about ? Yes .
There 's a huge difference between these two films , there are a couple of big differences between the magician of Oz and all the films that we see today .
One is that there are very little violence in Oz magician .
The monkeys are pretty aggressive , like the apple ones .
But I think if the magician of Oz is done today , the magician would say : Dorothy , you are the salvation of Oz as prophecy .
You do magical shoes in order to defeat the armies produced by the <unk> evil .
But that 's not what happens .
Another unique thing in Oz is that the most heroic , wise characters are women .
I started to notice this when I did `` Star Wars '' to my daughter , a few years later , and the situation was different .
At that point , I had a son .
Just three years old .
He was n't invited to the projection because it was still very small for that .
But it was the second son , and the level of oversight had down . And so slid in the room , and he was impressed as a mom with his stones behind , and I do n't think he understood what was going on , but definitely <unk> everything .
I wonder what perceived .
Would you be issues of courage , perseverance and loyalty ?
Would you feel that Luke is an army to remove the government ?
Let 's contrast this with the 1939 magician .
How does she make Dorothy his movie ?
<unk> with everybody and being a <unk> .
It 's the kind of world that I want my children to grow up to Oz , and not a world of men who are fighting , which is where we are .
Why is there so much force , F , force in the movies for our children , and so little , yellow bricks path ?
There 's a lot of literature on the impact of male violence in girls , and you should read it . It 's very good .
I have n't read so much about how kids react to this stimulus .
I know for experience that princess <unk> does n't provide the right framework that I would have served to navigate the world of adults who are blended . I think at the moment of the first kiss , I really expected the credit to come up because it 's the end of the movie , right ?
My quest is done , I have girlfriend .
Why do they stand there ?
I do n't know what I should do .
The movies are focused on defeat the villain , and get their reward , and they do n't leave time for other relationships or other adventures .
It 's almost like being a child , you have to be a dumb animal , and if you 're a girl , you have to wear a warrior suit .
There are a lot of exceptions , and I 'm going to stand on princess 's princess before any of you .
But they send a message to kids , even though they 're kids , they 're not really their target public .
They do a phenomenal job when I teach girls how to fight the patriarchy , but they do n't necessarily show kids how to defend the patriarchy .
There 's no model for them .
We also have some great women writing new stories for our children , so real and charming as <unk> and <unk> , but they do n't stop being movies of war .
Of course , the most successful theme of all times continues to come up in classic after classical of a child or a man , or two men who are friends , or a man and his son , or two men who are raising a girl .
Until , as many of you are thinking , this year , finally came out .
I recommend all of you . It 's already available in shops .
Do you remember what the critical said when it came out ?
I ca n't believe that Pixar has done a film from a princess .
It 's very good . Do n't let that stop !
Well , almost none of these movies happens the <unk> test .
I do n't know if you heard about this .
It 's not yet thrown out and already it spreads , but maybe we 're going to start a movement .
<unk> <unk> is a comic book artist , and in the mid-'80s , I recorded a conversation that I had with a friend of the movies that you saw .
And it 's very simple . There 's just three questions you need to be done : In the movie , there 's more than a female character who has lines ?
So , you have to make the requirement .
These women talk to each other at some point in the movie ?
Their conversations are about something else than the guy who so much like ? Okay ? Thank you . Thank you very much .
Two women who exist and talk about things to each other .
It happens . I 've seen it , and yet I do rarely see it in the movie that we know and love .
In fact , this week , I went to see a very good quality movie .
Right ? <unk> of Oscar , <unk> success , a consensus idea of what 's a Hollywood Hollywood movie .
Pretty much , it does n't happen the <unk> test .
And I do n't think I should , because a lot of the film , I do n't know if you 've seen it , a lot of the movie happens in a embassy where men and women are hidden during the hostage crisis .
We have many scenes of men who have deep and painful conversations in this hiding spot , and it 's the big time for one of the actors to take a look at the door and say , `` You come to bed , honey ?
This is Hollywood .
So let 's go in the numbers .
In 2011 , of the 100 more popular films , how many of them do they think they have female protagonists ?
Eleven . Not bad .
It 's not the same percentage as the number of women who have chosen recently for Congress , so it 's okay .
But there 's a bigger number than this one that 's going to be disappointed in this room .
Last year , The New York Times published a study that the government had done .
This is what he said .
In the United States , one in five women says it has been sexually assaulted once in his life .
I do n't think it 's the fault of mass entertainment .
I do n't think the films for kids have something to do with that .
I do n't think the music videos or pornography are tightly linked , but something 's wrong , and when I hear that statistic , one of the things I think is that there 's a lot of <unk> sex .
Who are those guys ? What are those guys learning ?
What do n't they learn ?
They 're <unk> the story , which says the role of a male hero is to beat a villain with violence and then charge the reward , which is a woman who has no friends and does n't speak ?
Are we <unk> that story ?
You know , as a parent with the privilege to raise a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing , we find this world and this very startling statistic and we want to get to them .
We have tools to our disposal as <unk> <unk> , and we expect that to help , but I have to ask , <unk> <unk> is going to <unk> if , at the same time , active or passively , are we educating our children to keep their male power ?
I mean , I think the Netflix list is a way to do something really important , and here I 'm particularly talking about parents .
I think we have to show our children boys a new definition of manhood .
The definition of manhood is radically changing .
You 've read about how the new economy is changing the role of the home and the <unk> .
Everything is changing .
When I asked my daughter , what was his favorite Star Wars favorite character that he said ?
<unk> .
<unk> <unk> and <unk> .
What do you have in common these two ?
Maybe it 's not just the bright dress .
I think they 're experts .
I think these are the two people in those films that you know more than anyone , and they love to share their knowledge with other people to help them reach their potential .
They are leaders .
I like that kind of stories for my daughter , and I like that kind of stories for my son .
I want more stories like that .
I want less stories in which I tell my son : Go and fight only and more stories where you see that their work is to join a team , maybe a team led by women , helping other people to improve and become better people , like the Oz magician .
Thank you .
As a child , I was living in Maine , and one of the things that I liked was to look for sea cookies on the shores of Maine because my parents told me that I would give me lucky .
But you know , it 's hard to find these shells .
They 're covered in sand , and it 's hard to see them .
However , over time , I got used to look for them .
I started to see forms and patterns that helped me do .
This became a passion for finding things , in a love of the past and the archaeology .
And finally , when I started studying <unk> , I realized that seeing with my own eyes was n't enough .
Because suddenly , in Egypt , my little beach in Maine had grown up at almost <unk> miles along with the Nile .
And my sea biscuits had grown to the size of cities .
This is really what led me to use satellite imagery .
So to try to make a map of the past , I knew I had to do otherwise .
I want to show you an example of how different we see using the infrared .
This is an located place in the eastern Delta of Egypt called <unk> .
And the place , in the naked eye , seems to be brown , but when we use infrared and processing it using a fake color , suddenly the place looks like bright pink .
What you 're seeing are the real chemical changes in the landscape caused by the building materials and activities of ancient Egyptians .
I want to share with you how satellite data was used to find an ancient city called <unk> , lost for thousands of years .
<unk> was the capital of ancient Egypt for over 400 years in a time period called the Middle Empire about 4,000 years ago .
The place fits in <unk> , Egypt , and it 's really important because in the Middle Empire , there was this great renaissance of the old Egyptian art , architecture and religion .
<unk> have been always known that I was located somewhere near the pyramids of the two kings that built them , indicated inside the red circles here , but somewhere inside this huge patch of deluge .
This area is enormous , it 's about six to <unk> miles .
Before , the Nile was right next to <unk> , and as it changed over time , I moved to the east and covered all the city .
So how do you find a city surface in a broad landscape ?
And I 'll find out at random would be the equivalent of looking for a needle in a haystack , with the blindfold and using baseball gloves .
So , we used NASA NASA 's NASA to make a map of the place , with a very subtle changes .
We were able to see where the Nile was <unk> .
But you can see more closely , and it 's even more interesting , this slightly elevated area that looks within the circle here , which we think might be the location of <unk> .
So we collaborated with the Egyptians of the Egyptian scientists -- you can see here .
When I say sampling , it 's like the sample shots , but instead of setting up climate change , we look for layers of human occupation .
Five meters down , below a thick layer of slime , we found a dense layer of pottery .
This means that in this possible location of <unk> , five meters down , we have a layer of occupation from several hundred years to date the Middle Empire , exactly the same period as we think it is <unk> .
We also found jobs from <unk> , <unk> , quartz and cat , which shows that there was a jewelry shop there .
This might seem like it 's not too much , but when we think about the most common stones used in the Middle Empire jewelry , these are the stones that were used .
So , we have a dense layer of occupation with the Middle Empire in this place .
We also have evidence of an elite jewelry shop that shows that what 's been there , it was a very important city .
We still do n't find <unk> here , but I 'm going to go to the place in a near future to localize it .
And even more importantly , we have the resources to train young Egyptians in the use of satellite technology so that they can also make great discoveries .
I want to end with my favorite quote from the Middle Empire , probably was written in <unk> about 4,000 years ago .
Let me share the knowledge of all the <unk> .
There 's nothing like that on the ground .
So as it looks , TED was n't founded in 1984 <unk> C .
Do ideas happen in 1984 B.C , in a losing city not for a long time and found from the high .
It certainly puts the pursuit of marine shells in perspective .
Thank you very much .
Thank you .
I want to invite you to close your eyes .
Imagine outside , front of the door at home .
I 'd like you to pay attention to the door , the material that it 's made .
Now we 'll give you a group of obese <unk> in bicycles .
They 're competing for a bike bike race and they go in direction to your entry door .
I need to look at this .
They 're strong <unk> , they 're sweating , they 're going to take a lot .
They collide with the front door against their house .
There 's bikes to fly everywhere , wheels that go on their side , the wheels of the wheels that end up in <unk> places . <unk> the threshold of the door .
In the lobby , to the hallway , or what 's on the other side of the door , and watch the quality of the light , the light shining on the <unk> of the <unk> .
It 's <unk> with your hand .
It 's from his chair on a brown horse .
It 's a horse that speaks .
You can feel your blue fur by getting tickle on your nose .
You can smell the oats of oats and pass it on into your mouth .
Come on on one side and trained your living room .
Already in the room , and doing peak use of your imagination , imagine Britney Spears .
He 's with little clothes , dancing on their center table , singing `` <unk> A More Time One . ''
Now follow me to the kitchen .
The ground has coated with a yellow bricks road , and from the oven , they come to you Dorothy , the <unk> Man , the <unk> and the Len of Oz , `` The Wizard of Oz , '' <unk> , jumping into you .
Okay . Open your eyes .
I want to tell you about a peculiar contest that takes place every spring in New York .
It 's called the <unk> de <unk> of the United States .
I went to cover this event a few years ago as scientific journalist , waiting , I guess , that this would be like the end of a wise <unk> .
There were several men and a few ladies and different ages of hygiene .
They were memorizing hundreds of random numbers , looking at them just once .
They took the names of dozens and dozens of strangers .
It 's going to cover entire poems in just minutes .
It 's going to be able to see who could memorize with bigger , the order of a deck of cards .
And I thought , `` This is incredible . ''
These people have to be phenomena in nature .
And I started talking to some of the competitors .
This is a man named Ed Cook who had come from England and has one of the best trained memories .
I asked him , `` Ed , when you realized you were a wise ? ''
Ed replied , `` I 'm not a wise .
Actually , I have an average memory .
All of you who participate in this competition says they have normal memory .
`` We have trained us to perform these miraculous acts of memory using some ancient techniques , invented 2,500 years ago in Greece , the same techniques that he used deserved to memorize their speeches , and medieval academics were used to memorize entire books . ''
And my reaction was , `` Wow . How did I have n't heard of this before ? ''
We were standing outside the competition , and Ed , who 's a wonderful , brilliant English , although a little bit of <unk> , he said , `` Josh , you 're an American journalist .
Do you know Britney Spears ? ''
And I said , `` What ? No , why ?
`` Because I 'd like to teach Britney Spears how you memorize order in a deck of cards in a live cards , on national television .
That would prove to the world that anyone can do it . ''
And I said , `` Well , I 'm not Britney Spears , but maybe you can teach me to me .
Or do you have to start by something right ? ''
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey to me .
And I ended up on the most part of the year after not just training my memory , but also <unk> , trying to understand how it works , why it does n't work and what its potential can be .
I met a lot of really interesting people .
This is a man called <unk> .
He 's <unk> , very likely with the worst memory in the world .
His memory was so bad that I did n't even remember that I had a memory problem ; it 's awesome .
And somebody was incredibly tragic , but it was a window that allows us to see how our memory makes us who we are .
At the other end of the spectrum I met this man .
This is Kim <unk> . He was based on the whale role Hoffman in the `` Rain Man '' movie .
We spent one afternoon in the public library in Salt Lake City , memorizing phone books ; it was sparkling .
And when I came back , I was a number of treaties on the writing memory about 2,000 years ago in Latin , in the <unk> and then in the Middle Ages .
And I learned a lot of really interesting things .
One of the most interesting things I learned is that there was a time where this idea of <unk> , disciplined and cultured memory was not as rare as you can look today .
A long time ago , people invest in their memory , to provide their minds .
These techniques have made our modern world possible , but they have also changed us .
They have culturally changed , and I would say that they have also changed us as cognitively .
As we do n't have to remember , sometimes we have forgotten how to do it .
One of the last places on our planet where you still find people who are passionate about this idea of a trained , disciplined memory is this very unique competition of memory .
It 's actually not that singular ; it 's competence like this around the world .
I was fascinated , I wanted to know how these people do .
A few years ago , a group of researchers from University College London invited a memory group , to the lab .
They wanted to know : Is it that it has brains in some way , structural or <unk> or different from the rest of us ?
The answer was , not .
Are they smarter than the rest ?
They gave them a cognitive test battery , and the answer was actually not .
There was yet a really interesting and meaningful difference between brains on memory champions and the control subjects that you compared to .
When they put them on an MRI machine , they <unk> their brains as they <unk> , faces and forms of snowflakes , they found that in memory champions , <unk> parts of the brain , different from others .
They actually used them , or they seemed to use , a part of the brain that involves spatial memory and navigation .
Why ? Is there something that we can learn from this ?
The competitive memorization tournament is driving as an arms race in which each year has someone with a new way of remembering more things , more quickly , and then the rest of the competitors have to get to the day .
This is my friend Ben <unk> , three times a memory champion .
At his desk , in front of him , there 's 36 <unk> of messy cards that he 's about to try to memorize in an hour , using a technique that he invented , and he only dominates him .
He used a similar technique to memorize the precise order of <unk> random binary .
Two hour . Yeah .
And while there 's a lot of ways to remember things in these skills , absolutely all techniques used to be used by the end of which psychologists call `` coding <unk> . ''
It is illustrates with a elegant paradox , like the paradox `` <unk> '' says the following : I tell two people to remember the same word . I say to you . `` Remember there 's a man called Baker . ''
That 's his name .
And then I ask you , `` Remember , there 's a `` <unk> . ''
And when I come back later , and I said , `` Do you remember that word that I told you a little bit about ? ''
`` Do you remember what it was ? ''
The person who was told that his name is Baker is unlikely to remember the same word as the person who told him that their work is `` <unk> . ''
The same word , different capability of memory -- that 's weird .
What happens here ?
Well , the Baker , it does n't really mean anything to you .
All the other memories are dancing in her head .
But the word `` <unk> '' -- we know the bakers .
They use white hats .
They have the flour in your hands .
It 's good when they come home to work .
You probably know some baker .
And when we first hit that word for the first time , we started putting <unk> <unk> for <unk> <unk> at some time .
It 's one of the most elaborate techniques to do this back two years ago in the ancient Greece .
It 's called the palace of the memory .
The story says this : There was a poet called <unk> , who went to the potluck .
He had hired like entertainment , because before , if you wanted to give a very good party , you did n't bring it to a DJ , you would give a poet .
He stood up , <unk> his poem , and left , and as soon as it was , the room in the potluck collapsed .
I killing everybody .
But not only killed everyone , but shattered the bodies left <unk> .
No one could say who was there , nobody could remember where they were sitting .
So you could n't afford them .
It 's a tragedy behind the other .
<unk> , standing outside , only survivor , in the middle of the rubble , she closed my eyes , and he realized that with his eyes in his mind , I could see where he had been sitting every day .
I took the family of the <unk> hand , where they were their loved ones between the rubble .
What <unk> noticed at that moment is something that we all know more or less intuitively intuitively , and it 's that no matter if we 're not good at remembering names or phone numbers or instructions by the word of our colleagues , we have visual memory and space .
If you were to tell you that I was telling you the first 10 words of the story I just told you about <unk> , it 's very likely to find them hard to do it .
But I would bet that if you tell you to say who was sitting on the horse <unk> in your lobby , they would be able to <unk> .
The idea of the palace of the memory is to create this building with his eyes and <unk> of images with the things that you want to remember , the more crazy , crazy , funny , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> .
This is a advice that comes from over 2,000 years ago , to the first treaties in memory , in Latin .
And how does it work ?
Let 's say you guys have been invited to the TED stage to give a talk , and you want to make it memory , the same way I would have asked him if he had been invited to <unk> 2,000 years ago .
What you could do is imagine you 're at the door of your house .
And you come up with some sort of absolutely ridiculous , fuzzy , unforgettable image to help you remember that the first thing they want to mention is that completely <unk> competition .
And then you can imagine moving into your house , and see the <unk> of the <unk> , you have on Mr. Ed .
And that 's what you 'd like to introduce your friend Ed Cook .
And then you would see Britney Spears to remind that funny story that you want to count .
And then the fourth topic that they 're talking about would be that strange journey that they did for a whole year , and they have some friends to help them remember it .
This is how the Roman speakers will tell their speeches , not word for word , which is going to confuse you , but typical of the other .
In fact , the typical `` typical '' comes from the Greek `` <unk> , '' which means `` place . ''
It 's a breath of when people thought about it in speaking and rhetoric with this sort of space terms .
The phrase `` first place '' would be the first place in his memory palace .
I saw that this was just fascinating , and I got out of that .
I went to some of these memory skills and I had the idea of writing something extensive about this subculture of competitive development .
But there was a problem .
The problem was that a memory competition is a pathologically boring event .
So seriously , it 's like watching a lot of people sitting around taking tests . I mean , the most exciting thing that happens is when someone is going to break the front .
I 'm a journalist , and I need to be able to write about something .
I know there are amazing things happening in the minds of these people , but I do n't have access .
I realized that if I was going to tell this story , I needed to try to put myself in place .
So I started spending 15 or 20 minutes every morning , before I sat at the New York Times , just trying to remember something .
Maybe a poem , or the names of an ancient school detectors bought in a <unk> market .
And I discovered this was entertaining .
I would never have expected it to be .
It was entertaining , because it was n't just about training the memory .
What it 's actually trying to do is better improve the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous images , cartoons , <unk> , <unk> , absurd and hopefully <unk> , in the eye of mind .
I was hooked on pretty much this .
This is me , using my standard training team for memory competition .
It 's a couple of <unk> and some security glasses covered with tape leaving only two <unk> , because the distraction is the worst enemy of a memory of memory .
I ended up coming back to the same contest that I had covered a year before , and I had the idea that I could enter , in a kind of participatory journalism experiment .
I thought this could be good epilogue for all my research .
The problem was that the experiment came out of control .
And I won the competition , something that did n't have to happen .
Of course it 's cute to be able to memorize speeches , and phone numbers , and you get shopping , but it 's actually not the point .
These are just tricks .
Because they are based on quite basic principles about how the brain works .
And it 's not necessary to put them together to build memory , or you memorize cards of cards . To benefit with a little bit of insights about how their mind works .
We often talk about people with a great memory as if it was an innate gift , but it 's not the case .
The great memories are educated .
At the most basic level , we remember when we pay attention to .
You know , when we focus on it .
The palace of the memory -- these memory techniques are just shortcuts .
In fact , they 're not even shortcuts .
They work because they do n't make it .
It 's a kind of profound processing , a kind of full processing that most of us is n't <unk> around .
But the reality is that there are no shortcuts .
That 's how things make a memorable .
And if there 's something I want to leave you with today , that 's what I 'm going to leave you with today is what I 'm going to leave you with today , the <unk> that I could n't even remember that I had a memory problem , I left me , which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories .
How much are we willing to lose what is already our short existence on your Blackberries or iPhone , not by paying attention to the human in front of us , who walks around us , we 're going to be so glad that we do n't even bother to process deep ?
I learned firsthand that there are incredible memory capabilities in all of us .
But if you want to live a memorable life , you have to be the guy who remembers remembering .
Thank you .
I 'm going to talk to you today about the last 30 years of the history of architecture .
It 's a lot to cover in 18 minutes .
It 's a complex subject , so we 're going to give up just a complex place : New Jersey .
Because 30 years ago , I 'm from civilization-state , I was about six and living there at home from my parents in a village called <unk> , and this was my child 's bedroom .
In the corner , from my bedroom , I was the toilet I shared with my sister .
And between my bedroom and the bathroom , there was a balcony that was giving the living room .
And there you all spend the time watching TV . So every time I went from my room to the bathroom , everyone looked at me , and every time I got myself up and came back in a towel , everyone saw me .
And I was like that .
It was awkward , insecure and I hated it .
<unk> that journey , hated that balcony , hated that room and that house .
That 's the architecture .
Okay .
Those feelings , those emotions that I felt , that 's the power of architecture , because architecture is not about math , not about division of areas , but of those gut connections , emotional connections that we feel in the places we deal with .
And no wonder we 're feeling like that , because according to the Environmental Protection Agency , Americans spend 90 percent of their time under a roof .
So , 90 percent of the time we 're surrounded by architecture .
That 's a lot .
architecture determines us in ways we do n't even realize it .
That makes us a little naive and very , very predictable .
This means that when I show you a building like this , I know what it tells you : they think of power , `` stability '' and `` democracy . ''
And I know that it 's about being based on a building building 2,500 years ago by the Greeks .
This is a trick .
It 's a <unk> who use architects to create an emotional connection with the ways we build our buildings .
It 's an emotional emotional connection ; we 've used this trick for a long , long time .
We used it 200 years ago to build banks .
We used it in the 19th century to build art museums .
And in the 20th century in America , we used it to build houses .
Look , these stable <unk> , solid <unk> , in front of the sea , away from the elements .
This is very , very useful , because building things is terrifying .
It 's costly , it takes a long time and it 's very complicated .
The people who build it , <unk> and governments , are always afraid of innovation , and they prefer to use ways that they know they 're going to work .
That 's why we find buildings like this .
It 's a beautiful building .
This is the <unk> Public Library that ended up in 2004 , in my hometown , and , you know , it has a dome -- it has this round , columns , red brick , which let <unk> <unk> what <unk> tries to communicate with this building : children , property values , history .
But it does n't have a lot to do with a library today .
That same year in 2004 , on the other side of the country , ended up another library , which looks like this .
It 's in Seattle .
This library shows how we use media in the digital era .
It 's a new kind of public equipment for the city , a place to meet and read and share .
So how is it possible that in the same year , in the same country , two buildings , both called libraries , are so completely different ?
And the answer is that architecture works by the beginning of the pendulum .
On the one hand is innovation , the architects constantly drive new technologies , new ways , new solutions for current life forms .
<unk> , and we gave them more and put it out , and we 've gone away completely from people .
All of the black , this is depressing us . You think we feel very well , but we 're dead because we have no other option .
We have to go to the other side and come back with those appreciated symbols .
So we do , and we 're all happy , but we 're all happy , but we start to experiment again , and we do swing the pendulum from the back , over and over again . So we 've done it in the last 300 years , and of course , in the last 30 years .
Well , 30 years ago , we came out of the 1970s .
The architects were busy experimenting with called <unk> .
It has to do with concrete .
You can guess .
<unk> , on a dehumanizing scale .
Really hard .
So we 're approaching the 80s , and we started to incorporate those symbols .
<unk> the pendulum again .
We take those ways we know that we like and <unk> them .
It 's neon and adding pies and we use new materials .
They love it .
We do n't give them <unk> .
We took cabinets , and we turned them into skyscrapers , which can be <unk> <unk> .
The forms are <unk> , they won in audacity and colorful .
<unk> became columns .
The swans grew up to the size of buildings .
madness .
But it was 80 , that was great .
We all spent time in commercial malls , we move to the neighborhoods , and in the suburbs , we could create our own architectural fantasies .
Those fantasy could be <unk> , the French , or the Italian .
Maybe with endless stick of bread .
This is what happens with <unk> .
This is what happens with the symbols .
They 're easy , they 're cheap , because instead of creating new spaces , we recreated memories from other places .
I know so well , and all of you know , this is not Tuscany .
This is Ohio .
Architects feel frustrated , and we began to swing the pendulum again in the other direction .
In the '80s and early '90s , we started to experiment with called <unk> .
We 're using the historical symbols -- now we have new <unk> design techniques , and we found out with new compositions -- some ways that we 're going to get against other forms .
This is academic and <unk> , and it 's <unk> ; you have totally excluded .
Normally , the pendulum pulls out again in the opposite direction .
But then something amazing happened .
In 1997 , this building opened .
It 's the Guggenheim of Bilbao , Frank Gehry .
This building fundamentally changed the relationship of the world with architecture .
Paul <unk> said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when people , academics and general public , were completely agreed on a building .
The New York Times <unk> <unk> this miracle construction .
<unk> in Bilbao increased a 2,500 and 2,500 percent when they finished the building .
So all of a sudden , everybody wanted one of those buildings : Los Angeles , Seattle , Chicago , New York , Cleveland , <unk> .
Everybody wanted one , and Gehry was everywhere .
He was our first star architect .
But how is it possible that these forms , wild and radical , how can they become ubiquitous all over the world ?
And it happened , because the media has gone around them and quickly learned that those shapes meant culture and tourism .
We 've created an emotional reaction with these shapes .
They made the same mayors in the world .
So everybody believed that if they had these forms , they had culture and tourism .
This phenomenon of the new millennium is going on with other star architects .
It happened to shreds and Libeskind , and what happened with these very few elite architects at the site of the new millennium , actually began to move with all architecture . The digital media started to increase the speed of information consumption .
Think , for example , how do you consume architecture .
A thousand years ago , they would have to have walked to the next town to see a building .
<unk> speeds up : they can take a ship , a plane , they can be tourists .
The technology accelerates . You can see in the newspapers , on TV , and at the end , we 're all photographers of architecture , and the building is transported beyond its physical location .
Architecture is everywhere , that means that the speed of communications has finally reached the speed of architecture .
Because architecture moves so fast .
It 's not just a long time to think about a building .
It takes a long time to build a building , three or four years old , and in that time , an architect can design two , eight , or 100 more buildings , before we know if that I designed four years ago was a success or not .
Because there has never been good feedback in architecture .
That 's how we find out with buildings like this .
The <unk> was n't a <unk> movement , but 20 years .
For 20 years , we were building buildings like this because we did n't have any idea how much it was .
That 's never going to happen . I think , because we 're at the threshold of the largest revolution in architecture from the invention of concrete or the elevator , and it 's the media revolution .
My theory is that when you apply the pendulum applied to the media , it starts to swing faster and faster , to be in both extremes , and they 're effectively <unk> the difference between innovation and symbol , among us , architects , and you , the audience .
Now we can do almost instant symbols , with emotional charge , something completely new .
I 'm going to show you how the system works in a project that my firm ended up recently .
We were <unk> to replace this building that caught fire .
This is the center of a village called <unk> in Fire Island , in the state of New York .
It 's a vacation community .
But that meant that two years before the building was finished , it was part of the community , and like the drawings were exactly like the finished product , no surprises .
The building came to be part of the community , and that first summer , when people began to come and shared it in social media , the building stopped being just a building , it became a media medium , because these are n't just images of a building , it 's the images that you did the building .
And as you use it to tell your story , they become part of the personal narrative , and that does <unk> with the collective memory , and when you load these symbols , we learn .
I mean , we do n't need the Greeks tell us how to think architecture .
We can tell each other what we think about architecture , because digital media has not only changed the relationship between us , but have changed the relationship between us and the buildings .
Think for a second in those <unk> librarians .
If that building builds up today , we were going to go online for `` new libraries . ''
I 'd be bombarded with examples of experimentation and innovation , which can be a library .
That 's ammunition .
<unk> that you can take the mayor of <unk> , people from <unk> , and tell them that there 's no unique answer to what a library can be today .
Let 's be part of this .
This abundance of solutions gives freedom to experience .
Everything is different now .
Architects are no longer those mysterious creatures that use words and complicated drawings , and you 're not a hapless audience that does n't support anything you have n't seen before .
Architects can listen , and you do n't leave to the architecture .
That means the pendulum <unk> one style to another , from one movement to another , is irrelevant .
In fact , we can go ahead and find solutions to the problems facing society .
This is the end of the history of architecture , and it means that the buildings in the morning are going to be very different from buildings today .
This means that an public space in the ancient city of <unk> can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city .
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that , a stadium in Brooklyn , and not a bad visual imitation of the red brick based on ideas of what a stadium must be .
This means that some robots will be able to build our buildings , because we 'll finally be ready for the shapes that are going to produce .
That means that the buildings get rid of the whims of nature and not the opposite .
This means that a parking garage in Miami Beach , Florida , can also serve as to do sports or yoga , or even one can get married in the night .
This means that three architects can dream of swimming at the East River in New York , and raising half a million dollars from the community together around that cause , it 's no longer a client alone .
It means that no building is too small for innovation , like this little pavilion in <unk> , so muscular and <unk> like the animals you 're going to look at .
Because it does n't matter whether it 's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings .
It does n't matter how we build , what matters is what we build .
Architects already know how to make more ecological buildings , smarter and kinder buildings .
We 've been waiting for everybody .
Finally , we 're not on opposite places .
Find an architect , <unk> and work together to make better buildings , better cities , for a better world , because there 's a lot in play .
The buildings not just reflect our society , but they give them a way to the smaller spaces : local libraries , the households where we formed our children , and the step from the bedroom to the bathroom .
Thank you very much .
This is my niece , <unk> .
It just turned a year and started walking .
And it makes it that great , typical children 's children , <unk> , as if your body was moving too fast for his legs .
It 's totally precious .
And one of the things that you most like to do for the moment is look in the mirror .
She really loves his reflection .
He laughs and <unk> , and it gives themselves those big kisses and wet kisses .
It 's beautiful .
Apparently , all of your friends do this , and my mom tells me that I used to do it , and it made me think , `` When do you do this ?
How do we suddenly do n't like our appearance ?
Because , apparently , we do n't like it .
Every month , 10,000 people are looking at Google : `` Am I ugly ? ''
This is <unk> , it 's 13 years old and lives in Denver .
And as any teenager , he just wants to be loved and fit .
It 's Sunday at night .
It 's preparing for next week at school .
It 's a little bit of fear , it 's a little bit confused , because , even though his mom tells her all the time it 's beautiful , every day in school , someone tells you it 's ugly .
Between what his mom says , and what his friends , or colleagues say , does n't know who to believe .
So a video of it itself , he publishes it on YouTube , and asks others to please leave a comment : `` Am I beautiful or ugly ? ''
Well , until now , <unk> has received over 13,000 comments .
Some of these are so nasty , it 's not even worth thinking about them .
We talk about a healthy , normal , normal teenager , who receives these answers in one of the stages of their most vulnerable life .
Thousands of people are posting videos like this , mostly teenage girls trying to communicate in this way .
But what is it getting to do this ?
Well , the teenagers today are almost never alone .
They 're under pressure of being online and available all the time , talking , `` I like it , '' by saying , `` I love you , publishing , publishing , this never ends .
We 've never been so connected , in a continuous way , so young , so young .
As a mother said to me , `` It 's like a party in your bedroom every night . ''
There 's just no privacy .
And the social pressures that they 're from the hand with that are ruthless .
This environment , of being connected to our children to <unk> based on the number of `` I like , '' and the kinds of comments they get .
There 's no division between a life online and real life .
It 's really hard to know the differences between what it 's real or what is not .
And also , it 's very hard to know the difference between what 's authentic and what is manipulated digitally .
What is the most prominent in the life of someone 's life versus what is normal in a daily context ?
And where are they looking for inspiration ?
Well , you can see the kind of images that are covers of girls 's covers .
<unk> from scratch continue to dominate our <unk> .
The <unk> technique is now a routine .
And trends like : # <unk> , # <unk> , # <unk> and # <unk> .
For those of you who <unk> it , <unk> means <unk> .
These trends are associated with women in popular culture today .
It 's not hard to see what young people compare .
But the kids are not immune to this .
Like the superheroes of the sports stars , and the singers from the world .
But what 's the problem with all this ?
Well , surely we want our kids to grow healthy , and they 're <unk> individuals .
But in a <unk> culture , we are teaching our children to spend more time and mental effort to their appearance , the price of all other aspects of their identity .
Things like their relationships , the development of your physical capabilities , their studies and other aspects begin to suffer .
Six of every 10 girls prefer not to do something because they think they do n't see pretty enough .
These are not trivial activities .
They 're fundamental activities for growth as human beings and as human beings and the field of labor development .
31 percent , almost one of every three teenagers are not interested in class arguments . They 're going to be involved in arguments in classrooms because they do n't want to call attention for their physical look .
One out of five are not attending classes at all during the days when they 're not comfortable in it .
And in the test season , if you do n't think you 're good enough , specifically if you do n't think you 're thin enough , you 'll get a note the average of your peers who do n't care about it .
And this phenomenon has been pervasive in Finland , the United States and China .
And it turns out regardless of what these young people actually weigh .
So , to make it pretty clear , we 're talking about you , not how you are really .
The low self-esteem on your body is <unk> academic performance .
And it 's also health care .
At the age of teens with self-esteem do less physical activity , they eat less fruits and vegetables , they engage in more not healthy diet that they can take them to a food disorder .
They have low self-esteem .
They 're more easily influenced by the people around them and they 're at higher risk of depression .
And we thought that 's all about what make decisions more risky , like alcohol consumption and drugs , aesthetics , aesthetic surgery , sex relationships at early early and <unk> damage .
The perfect body is pushing up to the health system , and our government costs billions of dollars every year .
And we 're not controlling it .
Women who believe they 're overweight again , regardless of whether or do n't have higher rates of succeed .
17 percent of women do n't present to a job interview on a day where they do n't feel secure in the way you see .
Think for a moment in what this is doing to our economy .
If we could overcome this , what would that be that opportunity ?
<unk> this potential is of interest for each of us .
But how do we do that ?
Well , speaking , it does n't take you very far .
Not enough .
If you really want to change things , you have to do something .
And we 've learned that there are three key shapes . The first is we need to instill trust in their own body .
We need to help our teenagers develop strategies to overcome the pressure of the perfect images and build their self-esteem .
The good news is that there are many programs available to do that .
The bad news is that most of these do n't work .
I was shocked when I learned that a lot of well-intentioned programs do n't realize , make it worse .
So we have to make sure that the program that our children follow our children will not only have a positive impact , but also a lasting impact .
And research studies show that the best programs are focused on six key areas -- the first one is the influence of family , friends and relationships .
These six aspects are crucial starting points for anyone willing to provide an education in body self-esteem .
An education is fundamental , but facing this problem requires each of us to take the reins on the seat and be a better model to follow for women and girls in our own lives .
challenging today 's status today , as women are seen and mentioned in our circles .
Now , it 's not good to tell you with the contribution of our politicians in hair , or the size of their breasts , or imply that determination or the success of a Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it 's not a great beauty .
We need to start to judge people because they are , not because you see .
All of us can start doing it by doing it by taking responsibility for the type of images and commentary we published in our social networks .
We can praise people based on their effort and their actions and not in their appearance .
And let me ask you : When was the last time you put a mirror ?
In short , we have to work together as communities , like governments and like companies , to truly change our culture , so that our children will grow all of their own person , valuing individuality , diversity , inclusion .
We have to put people who are actually making the difference on a pedestal .
Just to make a difference in the real world , let 's make them all the ones who go out on the big screen , because we just create a different world .
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves , where the way they think they think they can see you can never be who are , or to reach out what they want in their lives .
Think about what this can mean for someone in their lives .
Who are in mind ?
Will his wife ?
Her sister ?
Her daughter ?
Is your niece ? Her friend ?
It could be simply the woman who 's two car seats , what would it mean for her whether it was liberated from that <unk> voice , which haunts him is n't going to have long legs , you do n't get long , thin thighs , my smaller feet , smaller feet ?
What would it mean for it if we were doing this , and they would have to make your potential in that way ?
Right now , the obsession with our culture with the imagery is holding us all around .
But let 's go to our kids .
You know , the way that you see is just one part of your identity , and that truth is we love them because of what they do , and because they make us feel .
<unk> your self-worth in the rsums of our schools .
Let 's change each one of us , the way we talk about and we compare to other people .
And to work together as a community , from small groups to governments , so that the small <unk> of the age of today , are going to become security agents of themselves tomorrow .
Let 's do it .
On November five of November 1990 , a gentleman named <unk> <unk> walked into a hotel in Manhattan , and killed the rabbi Meir <unk> , the leader of the Defense League <unk> .
At night , I initially had it innocent , but being in prison for other minor charges , in others , began to plan attacks to about 12 cones in New York , including tunnels , synagogues , and the United Nations headquarters .
Luckily , those plans were given by an FBI informant .
Sadly , the 1993 of 1993 , in the World Trade Center , could n't stop .
Later , he would be convicted of his participation in that bombing .
<unk> <unk> is my father .
I was born in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , in 1983 , being an Egyptian engineer , with a <unk> mother , elementary school teacher , between the two made the whole possible for giving me a happy childhood .
Only when I was seven , our family started to change .
My father taught me a form of Islam , that very few , even most Muslims , come to meet .
In the experience I saw that when people take time to interact , it does n't require a lot to get to desire the same things in life .
However , in all of religion , in every human group , there 's always a small fraction of people who are going to be aware of their convictions who think we need to use all the possible media for everyone to live like them .
A few months before arrest , he sat down with me and explained to me that in the last weekends , he and some friends , had been going into Long Island on Long Island , to practice .
He told me that I would go with him the next day .
We got to the <unk> shot of <unk> that , without knowing our group , was under the FBI .
When I played out , my father helped me hold the rifle on my shoulder , and he explained to me how to point at about 30 feet .
That day , with the last bullet that he shot I gave him to the little orange light on the target and , to surprise of all , especially me , all the goal out on fire .
My uncle turned to the others and in Arabic , said `` <unk> <unk> . ''
Such a parent , such a child .
Everybody , the comment produced a lot of laughter , but just a few years later I understood what they were so funny about .
You saw in me , the same level of destruction that my father could cause .
Those people later would be committed to put a little bit charged with 700 pounds of explosives in the underground tower in the north tower in the World Trade Center , causing a blast that killed six people and hurt another 1,000 .
I admired those men .
He called them `` <unk> , '' which means to be uncle .
When I turned 19 , I had moved 20 times . That instability during my childhood allowed me to make a lot of friendships .
Every time I started to feel comfortable with somebody else , it was moment of packing and going to another city .
As I was always the new face of class , I was often the <unk> victim .
It was secret to my identity to avoid being the white , but it will be the new class , silent and chubby , was enough ammunition .
So most of the time , I 'd spent her home reading books , watching TV or playing games .
For these reasons , I did n't develop social skills , to say softly . By growing under <unk> , I was n't prepared for the real world .
It was an opera report to judge people , based on arbitrary indicators , like your race or their religion .
So , how could I open your eyes ?
One of the first experiences they put tested , my thinking was during the presidential election election .
In a <unk> program where I was involved at the junior National Convention , in Philadelphia .
My group was quoted in the subject of youthful violence , as I had been a victim of <unk> , almost my entire life , was something that I was very passionate about .
The members of this group came from different backgrounds .
One day at the end of the convention , I discovered that one of the kids who we had made friendship , was Jewish .
I took a few days to go out of the light , and I realized there were nowhere between the two .
I never had a Jewish friend and frankly I was very proud to have beat the barrier that all of life had been made for me to believe it was <unk> .
Another crucial moment emerged when I got a summer job on Bush Gardens , an amusement park .
I found people from all kinds of beliefs and cultures , and that experience became fundamental in the development of my character .
All of life had been taught to me that <unk> was a sin and , by extension , all gay were bad influences .
By any chance , I had the opportunity to work with gay actors there , in a show , and I could see that several of them were the most nice and less critics who had seen in life .
Having been bullied as a child , he developed a sense of empathy to the suffering of others , but it was n't easy for me to treat people kind of , exactly in the way I want to be treated .
And so I was able to contrast the stereotypes that had taught me as a child , with the experience of interaction in real life .
I do n't know how that is to be homosexual , but I do know what it is to be judged by something beyond my control .
Then came the Daily Show .
Every night , Jon Stewart made me to be intellectually honest about my <unk> , and I helped me to see that the race of people , religion or sexual orientation , has nothing to do with character .
In many ways he became my grave figure at a moment where I was desperately challenging .
Sometimes the inspiration can come from unexpected , and that a Jewish comedian had had a better influence in my life than my own father , extremist , was not in vain .
One day I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my thinking , and she told me something to conserve in my heart forever , while he 's alive .
She looked at me with the tired eye of someone who 's suffered enough <unk> and said , `` I 'm tired of hate . ''
At that moment , I realized how much negative energy is needed to keep all that hatred inside .
My real name is n't <unk> <unk> .
It changed when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life .
So why decided to go out and put myself in a possible risk ?
Well , it 's simple .
I 've done it because I hope that somebody , some day , who 's to try to take violence , I can hear my story , and understand that there 's a better path , which even though I was attached to this violent ideology and <unk> , I did n't get to make myself a fan of myself .
On the contrary , I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism and prejudice .
I do it for the victims of terrorism and by their loved ones , by the terrible pain and the loss that terrorism has produced them in their lives .
For the victims of terrorism to speak , against those meaningless acts , as rejection of my father 's actions .
With this simplicity I 'm showing me as proof that violence is not inherent to any religion or race , that children do n't have to follow the paths of their parents .
I 'm not my father .
Thank you . Thank you all . Thank you . Thank you very much .
Right now , there 's a film that was projected in your mind .
It 's an amazing <unk> movie .
It 's in 3D and <unk> of what you hear and see right now . But that 's just the beginning .
Your film has smell , taste and texture .
It feels your body , your pain , your hunger , your pleasure .
It has emotions , anger and happiness .
It has memories , as a moments of your childhood you project in front of your eyes .
And it 's constantly a voice superimposed on your consciously conscious stream .
The movie of the movie is you who experience everything live .
This film is your flow of consciousness , the subject of the experience of the mind and the world .
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of the existence of human beings .
Each one of us is conscious .
We all have a film internal , you , you and you and you .
There 's nothing we know more directly .
At least , I know I have a conscience .
I 'm not sure you are conscious .
Consciousness is also the reason for living .
If we were n't conscious , nothing in our lives would make sense or value .
But at the same time , it 's the most mysterious phenomenon of the universe .
Why are we conscious ?
Why do we have these internal films ?
Why are we not just robots that we 're going to get to produce the results without experiencing the movie in the internal movie ?
At this point , nobody knows answers to those questions .
I suggest that to integrate awareness to science , you need some radical ideas .
Some people say it 's impossible for a science of consciousness .
Science , by nature , is objective .
Consciousness , by nature , is subjective .
So there may never be a science of consciousness .
Because for most of the 20th century , we 'll get that vision .
psychology studied objectively , neuroscience is studying objectively the objectively brain , but no one mentioned consciousness .
Even 30 years ago , when TED started , there were very few scientific jobs on consciousness .
After , 20 years ago , it all started to change .
<unk> like Francis Crick and physicists like Roger Bannister said , `` now it 's the time for science to <unk> consciousness . ''
And since then , there was a real explosion , a flowering of science work on consciousness .
And this work was fantastic . It was great .
But it has fundamental limitations until the moment .
The center of the science of consciousness in the recent years was the search for correlations , correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness .
We saw some of this kind of great work in the fantastic work that introduced Nancy <unk> a few minutes ago .
Now we understand much better , for example , areas of the brain that are related to the conscious experience of seeing faces or feeling happy .
But this is still a science of correlations .
It 's not a science of explanations .
We know that these areas of the brain are related to certain kinds of conscious experiences , but we do n't know why .
I 'd like to explain to you saying that this kind of work in neuroscience responds some questions that we want to explain consciousness , and the questions about what certain areas of the brain do and what that correlate .
But in a sense , those are the easy problems .
No offense to neuroscientists .
Actually , there 's no easy problems with consciousness .
Well , does n't address the real mystery of this matter : why all the physical process in the brain has to be accompanied by consciousness ?
Why is there a subjective inner movie ?
Right now , we ca n't understand it .
And you can say , let 's give a few years to neuroscience .
It 's going to turn into another emerging phenomenon like traffic jams , like hurricanes , like life , and let 's find explanation .
<unk> are all cases of emergent behaviors , how traffic jams them , how hurricanes work , how they reproduce , how they reproduce , are adapt and metabolizing the living organisms . They 're all questions about how it works .
So that could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and the functions of the human brain as an emerging phenomenon , how we 're walking , how we 're talking , how we play chess ; they 're all questions about behavior .
But when it comes to consciousness , questions about behavior are between easy problems .
But the hard problem , is the question of why is all behavior accompanied by a subjective experience ?
And here is , the standard paradigm of emergence , the standard paradigm of neuroscience , actually does n't have a lot to say .
I am a very heart scientist .
I want a scientific theory of the <unk> that works . For a long time , I would hit my head against a theory of consciousness in pure physical terms that would work .
But in the end , I got to the conclusion that that did n't work for systematic reasons .
I think we 're going to stand at this point .
We have a wonderful explanation of an amazing explanation . We get used to this ; physics explains chemistry , chemistry explains biology , biology explains the psychology of psychology .
But consciousness does n't seem to fit in this scheme .
On the one hand , it 's a fact that we are conscious .
On the other hand , we do n't know how to hold that idea into our scientific worldview .
I think consciousness , right now , is sort of an anomaly , something that we need to integrate into our worldview , but we do n't know how .
With an anomaly like this , you can need radical ideas , I think we need ideas that at first look crazy , before we can deal with consciousness in a scientific way .
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas .
My friend Dan Dennett , who 's here today , has one .
Your crazy idea is that there is no such hard problem for consciousness .
All the idea of the inner subjective movie includes a kind of illusion or confusion .
In fact , what you need to do , is to explain objective function , the behaviors of the brain , and this is what it needs to do explanation .
Well , more power for him .
That 's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of purely reductionist , based on the brain .
At the same time , for me and for many others , that vision is pretty close to simply deny that the observation of consciousness is satisfying .
But I 'm going in a different direction .
In the time you have , I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promising .
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is fundamental .
They sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental bricks : space , time and mass .
We were creating fundamental laws that govern them , like laws of gravity or quantum mechanics .
These laws and properties are not explain in any more basic terms .
Instead , they consider themselves fundamental , and that 's the world 's built .
Sometimes , the list of the fundamental will increase .
In the 19th century , Maxwell found that you ca n't explain the electromagnetic phenomena in terms of fundamental concepts , space , time , mass law , and then he postulated the basic laws of electromagnet , and he applied the electrical charge as a fundamental concept that those laws govern .
I think that 's the situation we find ourselves with consciousness .
If you ca n't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental ideas , space , time , mass , load it , then for logic , you have to go over the list .
The most natural thing would be to pursue consciousness itself as a fundamental brick , a fundamental brick of nature .
This does n't mean that all of a sudden is n't the science of science .
It opens the way to deal with it scientifically .
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness , the laws that connect the awareness with other fundamental concepts : space , time , mass processes , physical processes .
And physicists sometimes say that we want laws so simple that we can treat them in a <unk> .
The situation of consciousness is something like this .
We want to find fundamental laws so simple that we can take them on a t-shirt .
We still do n't know what laws are , but that 's what we 're looking for .
The second idea is that consciousness can be universal .
Every system can have a degree of consciousness .
This vision is sometimes called <unk> : `` Pan , '' for all , `` Pan , '' for all , every system is conscious , not only humans , the dogs , the mice , the flies , even the microbes of Rob Knight , the elementary particles .
Even a photon has some degree of consciousness .
The idea is not that the photons are smart , or think .
It 's not that a photon can be full of anguish when they think , `` Oh , always traveling at the speed of light .
I ca n't slow down and smell the roses . ''
No , so no .
But the thought is that perhaps photons can have some element of raw sense , subjective feeling , some precursor to consciousness .
This may sound crazy for you .
How did someone think something crazy ?
It comes from the first crazy idea , that consciousness is a fundamental thing .
If it 's fundamental , like space , time and mass , it 's natural to assume that can also be universal , just like the others .
It 's also worth noticing that even though the idea seems to us , it 's much less for people in different cultures , where the human mind seems more a continuum with nature .
A deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the simplest and powerful way to find fundamental laws that make the thought of the physical process , is to reimagine consciousness with information .
Whenever there 's information processing , there is awareness .

And we would make it simple , very simple awareness .
Something very exciting is that in the recent years , a neuroscientist , <unk> <unk> , took this kind of theory and developed them with methods of mathematical methods .
It has a mathematical measure of information integration , which is called <unk> , which measures the degree of information integrated into a system .
And it 's supposed to be aware of consciousness .
So in a human brain , there 's an incredible degree of top of information integration , a high degree of <unk> , a lot of consciousness .
In a mouse , there is a middle degree of information integration , just as significant , sort of very significant awareness .
But when you get to worms , microbes , particles , the degree of <unk> <unk> .
The level of information integration is lower , but it 's not zero either .
In the <unk> theory , there 's still a different level of consciousness .
You actually propose a fundamental law of consciousness : high degree of <unk> , high degree of consciousness .
Also , another reason is that <unk> can help us integrate awareness to the physical world .
The physicists and the philosophers often have observed that physics is curiously abstract .
It describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations , but we 're not telling us about the reality behind behind .
As Stephen Hawking explains , `` Where does the fire fire come from ? ''
From vision <unk> the equations of physics , they can leave you , but you can use to describe the flow of consciousness .
That 's what physicists do basically , describe the flow of consciousness .
According to this vision , consciousness is the one that puts fire in the equations .
In that vision , consciousness is not found out of the physical world as an additive .
It 's right there at the center .
This vision , I think , <unk> vision , has the potential to protect our relationship with nature , and can have social and ethical consequences .
Some of them can be <unk> .
I used to think that I should n't eat anything that I was aware of , then I must be a vegetarian .
If you 're a <unk> and you take that vision , you 'll get a lot of hunger .
I think thinking about well , this tends to transform your visions , whereas what matters in terms of ethical and moral terms , is not both the fact of consciousness , but its importance and complexity .
It 's also natural to ask for consciousness in other systems , like computers .
What about the artificial intelligence system of Samantha in the movie `` <unk> ? ''
Is that conscious ?
According to <unk> information , she has a complicated information processing , integrated , so the answer is yes , if you 're conscious .
If this is right , there are a pretty serious ethical problem about the ethics of the computer development of intelligent computers and the ethics ethic .
Finally , you can ask for the consciousness of full collective , the planet .
Canada has his own consciousness ?
Or at a more local level , an integrated group , like the audience at a TED Talk , right now , we have a TED collective consciousness , an internal film for this whole group of TED , different from the internal films of each parts ?
I do n't know the answer to that question , but I think at least is a question you should take seriously .
So this <unk> view , is a radical vision , and I do n't know if it 's right .
I 'm actually safer at the first crazy idea , that consciousness is a fundamental thing , that of the second , that it 's universal .
Now , vision raises a lot of questions , many challenges , as , how those little bits of thinking contribute to the kind of complex consciousness that we know and we love .
If we can answer those questions , then I think we 're going on the right path to a serious awareness theory .
If not , well , it 's probably the hardest problem of science and philosophy .
We ca n't expect to solve overnight .
But I think we 'll finally be able to discover it .
Understanding consciousness is the real key , I think , to understand the universe and to understand ourselves .
Maybe we only need the right idea .
Thank you .
I grew up in a small rural village in Victoria .
I had a very normal profile , a low education profile .
I went to school , I joined my friends , I would get married with my friends younger sisters .
Everything was very normal .
And when I was 15 , a member of my community came up to my parents because I wanted to <unk> him for a community .
And my parents said , `` Well , that 's very nice , but there 's a evident problem .
She has n't gotten anything done . '' And they were right .
I went to school , I had good grades . After the school , I had a low profile on my mother 's hair , and spent a lot of time by looking at the series `` <unk> the <unk> <unk> '' and `` <unk> 's Creek . ''
Yes , I know . What a contradiction .
But they were right .
I did nothing that were extraordinary at all .
Nothing to be considered as a achievement if we take the disability out of the equation .
Years later , I was in the second part of teaching school in Melbourne 's high school , just after about 20 minutes at the class 11 studies , he raised a little boy and said , `` Hey , when will you give to your speech ? ''
I said , `` What speech ? ''
Well , I 'd been talking about the law of defamation for good 20 minutes .
And he said , `` You know , your motivational speech .
When people in chairs , do they talk about <unk> things in school ? ''
It 's usually in the hall hall .
And that 's when I realized , this child had had experiences with disabilities as inspiration .
And we 're not . And it 's not the fault of the guy , which is , that 's true for many of us .
For us , people with disabilities are not our teachers or our doctors or our <unk> .
We 're not real people . We are there to inspire .
And in fact , I 'm on this stage where I 'm doing this in this wheelchair , and you probably are waiting for them to inspire them . Right ? Yeah .
Well , ladies and gentlemen , I 'm afraid I 'm afraid dramatically .
I 'm not here to make sure .
I 'm here to tell you that they have lied to us in relation to disability .
Yes , we have sold the lie that disability is a bad thing , A capital capital .
It 's bad and living with a disability makes you fantastic .
It 's not bad , and it does n't make you exceptional .
And in the last few years , we 've been able to spread even more this lie through social media .
You may have seen images like this : `` The only disability in life is bad attitude . ''
Or this one : `` Your excuse is <unk> . ''
Or this one : before I abandon , <unk> !
These are just a couple of examples , but there 's a huge amount of them .
You may have seen one , from the <unk> girl with a pencil sustained by his mouth .
You may have seen a child who runs with carbon fiber artificial legs .
And there 's a lot of these images , which are what we call porn inspiration .
And I use the term porn term , because they 're attached to a group of people for the benefit of another group of people .
So in this case , <unk> the disabled of people without disabilities .
The purpose of these images is to inspire them , to motivate them , so we can see them and think , `` Well , for very bad that it 's my life , it could be worse .
I could be that person . ''
But what if you 're that person ?
I 've lost the number of times I 've been talking about bizarre <unk> to express that I 'm courageous , or an inspiration source , and this is going to happen before my job had a public profile .
It was as if I was excited to get up in the morning and remember my own name . And this is <unk> .
These images , those images , are attached to people with disabilities on people without disabilities .
They 're there for you to look at it and think that things are not as bad for you , or to put their concerns in perspective .
And life as a disabled person is really hard .
You 'll get some things out .
But the things that we did is not the things that you can think of .
These are not relative things to our bodies .
I use the term `` disabled people , '' deliberately because I am inspired by called the social model of disability , which tells us that we are more disabled because of the society we live in because of our bodies or diagnostics .
So I 've lived in this body for a long time .
I 'm very excited about it .
So the things I need to do , and I 've learned how to take the best of his capacity as well as you do it , and that 's what happens with the children of those pictures as well .
They 're not doing anything outside .
They 're simply using their bodies taking the best of their capacity .
So , is it really fair to rise in the way we do it , by sharing those images ?
When people say to us , `` You 're an inspiration source . ''
And I know why it happens .
It 's because of the lie , because we have sold this lie that disability makes us remarkable .
And honestly , it does n't do it .
And I know what you 're thinking .
I 'm here <unk> inspiration , and you think , `` Oh God , <unk> , are you not twice as inspired by something ? ''
And actually , I know I am .
Now , I learn from other people with disabilities at all times .
Yet , I do n't learn that I 'm younger than them .
Now , I learn that it 's a great idea to use a really cool idea to use some of the things that fall down to me , and I learn the ingenious trick of how to load the phone phone battery on the battery of the chair .
Great .
We learn from force and resistance from others , not against our bodies and our diagnostics , but against a world that <unk> and <unk> us .
I really believe that that lie that has been sold about disability is the greatest injustice .
It makes us hard life .
And that quote : `` The only disability in life is bad attitude , , the reason that that 's lying is because it 's not true , because of the social model of disability .
A lot of smiles at a stretch of stairs has not made it a ramp .
Never . <unk> on a television screen will not come up subtitles for deaf people .
Not a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore and radiating a positive attitude to convert those books to braille .
It 's just not going to happen .
I want to really live in a world where disability is not the exception , but the norm .
I want to live where a 15-year-old girl , sitting in your bedroom , watching `` <unk> the <unk> <unk> '' is not considered to be in a chair .
I want to live in a world where we do n't have so low expectations of the people with disability to be <unk> to get up from bed and remember our names in the morning .
I want to live in a world where we value the genuine achievement of people with disabilities , and I want to live in a world where a boy from 11 grade at an Melbourne 's high school is not a little bit surprised that his new teacher is a <unk> user .
Disability does not make us remarkable , but to question what you think about what it does .
Thank you .
What are augmented reality and professional football , with empathy ?
And what is the average rate of a swallow swallow ?
Unfortunately , today , I just answer one of those questions , so , please do n't get rid of it .
When people think of augmented reality , think in `` Minority Report '' and Tom Cruise <unk> in the air , but augmented reality is not science fiction .
The augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and happen because we have the tools for it , and people need to know that , because augmented reality will change our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phones .
So how do we get to augmented reality ?
The first step , it 's what I 'm wearing on : Google Glass goggles .
I 'm sure many of you are familiar with them .
What you may not know is that Google Glass are a device that allows you to see what I see .
They will allow you to experience what is a professional athlete in the field .
Right now , the only way to be in the field is that I try to get rid of it .
I have to use words .
I have to create a framework that you fill with your imagination .
We can use Google Glass , underneath a helmet and knowing what is running by the game field for 160 miles an hour , blood hitting your ears .
We can know that it feels like a man from 110 pounds to get married , trying to get rid of everything .
I 've been there and I assure you that 's not nice .
So , we 'd run some videos to show you what 's Google Glass under the helmet , and give you an idea of that .
Unfortunately , they 're not images of NFL practice , because the idea of the emerging tech NFL , it 's an underwater submarine to the surface , but we do what we can .
So let 's look at a video .
Chris <unk> : Go .
It 's awful to be <unk> .
A moment . Let 's get a little bit .
So , ready ?
Go !
Chris <unk> : As you can see , it 's a <unk> of what 's going to be <unk> in the football field , from the perspective of the <unk> .
You may have noticed that you lack people , the rest of the team .
We have a video of them from the University of Washington .
<unk> : Mice 54 ! Mice .
Blue 8 , Blue 8 , go !
Chris <unk> : This is a little bit more about being in the field , but it has nothing to be in NFL .
<unk> want that experience .
<unk> want to be in the field , being your favorite players , and they 've asked me on YouTube and Twitter : `` You can see from the angle of a field booth .
about a runner or a runner ?
We want to experience that . ''
Once you have that experience with <unk> and Google Glass , how do we get in full ? How do we take it to the next level ?
We took it to that level using something called a Rift Rift , which surely many of you know .
The Rift Rift has been described as the most <unk> virtual reality apparatus ever created , and it 's not cheap <unk> .
And I 'm going to show you why , with this video .
Man : Oh , oh !
No , no , no . I do n't want to keep playing ! No !
Oh , my God !
CK : That 's the experience of a man on a rollercoaster to be seen by his life .
What 's going to be a fan of a fan of the fan of Adrian 's video when you 're taking a video of Adrian <unk> across the line , bending of a <unk> with the arm before I run and make an notation ?
Is it going to be <unk> , running on the court , releasing the balloon to the bottom of the network , or do you want to make a bullet out there ?
What 's your experience when you go off a mountain to more than 100 miles an hour like a Olympic skier ?
Maybe they were getting rid of their diapers for adults .
But this is not even augmented reality .
It 's only virtual reality , <unk> .
How do we reach augmented reality , <unk> it ?
<unk> reality augmented reality when the coaches , the <unk> and the owners see the information that people want to see and think , `` How do we use this to improve our teams ?
How do we use it to win games ? ''
Because they always use technology to win .
They like to win . They give them money .
So , here 's a quick refresher on the NFL .
In 1965 , the Baltimore <unk> put a <unk> to their <unk> camp for faster play .
They won the Super Bowl that year .
Other teams decided .
More people saw the game because it was more exciting , faster .
In 1994 , the NFL put radios on the countryside in the field of field , and then on the walls .
They had more viewers because it was faster , more fun .
In <unk> , imagine that you 're a player coming back to your group , and you see your next move shown in front of you , in a plastic array that they carry on . You do n't have to worry about forgetting a game .
You have to memorize the strategy .
They just go out to the field and react .
And the coaches want to do because if they do n't follow their instructions , they lose parties , and they hate losing parties .
If you lose parties , you 'll get to you like a coach .
And they do n't want that .
But augmented reality is not just a new strategies manual .
Reality is also a way to gather information and use it in real time to improve your way to play the game .
How do you do that ?
Well , a very simple option would be to have a camera in every corner of the stadium , having a view from the top of the people who are down .
You also get information from the card sensors and <unk> , something you 're already working on .
And all that information is you send to your players .
The good teams will know it .
The bad guys will have information overload .
This is going to take good teams of bad guys .
So your computer team will be as important as your scouts and the analysis of the data will stop being just for nerds .
It will be too for athletes . Who would have imagined it ?
What would it be in the field ?
Imagine that they 're the field <unk> .
You get the ball and <unk> it .
And all of a sudden , a flashlight , all of a sudden , a flashlight on the left side of your bombsight , you would tell you that a defense behind you is going to <unk> . Normally , you wo n't see it , but the system of <unk> will be <unk> .
<unk> to the area of protection .
Another flashlight will tell you that there 's an open receptor .
Take the ball down , but you 're breaking down .
And the ball loses the trajectory .
You do n't know where to land , though , the receiver sees in their bombsight , an area of grass that lights up and can alter the race .
He 's coming up , it takes up the ball , it runs and puts it up .
The audience crazy and fans have followed him from every angle .
This is something that creates a massive emotion in the game .
I 'm going to do a lot of people look at it , because people want to live that experience .
<unk> want to be in the field .
They want to be your favorite player .
It 's augmented reality to be part of the sport , because it 's too cost-effective to not be .
But what I ask you is : Do we want this to be the only use of augmented reality ?
Are we going to use just as bread and circus , like our usual entertainment ?
Because I think we can use it for something more .
I think we can use augmented reality to foster the empathy between humans , to show someone how it is , literally , to be somewhere else .
We know what this technology is worth for <unk> .
It generates billions of revenue a year .
But how much is this technology worth doing in the classroom trying to show a <unk> how harmful are your actions from the victim perspective ?
How much is this technology worth doing in Uganda or Russia , trying to show the world how it is being pursued ?
How much is it worth about a <unk> Hadfield or an Neil <unk> Tyson , trying to inspire a generation of kids to think more about space and science instead of <unk> and <unk> notes ?
Ladies and gentlemen , reality , augmented reality .
The questions we make , the decisions that we take and the challenges we face , rely on , as usual , of us .
Thank you .
I recently retired after 23 years of service in the <unk> <unk> of California .
Most of those 23 years to me , the country <unk> the southern tip of <unk> County , which includes the Golden Gate Bridge .
The bridge is an iconic structure , which is known to the world for its beautiful view of San Francisco , the Pacific Ocean , and its inspirational architectural style .
Unfortunately , it 's also a magnet for suicide , being one of the most used places in the world .
The Golden Gate Bridge was open in 1937 .
Joseph Strauss , an engineer head to build the bridge , said that , `` The bridge is practically at suicide .
People from the bridge is no practical or likely . ''
But from its openness , over 1,600 people have jumped to their death from that bridge .
Some people believe that travel between the two towers that are going to take another dimension , this bridge has become idealized as such , so that each of it comes from it from all your concerns and pain , and the waters that go below your soul .
But let me tell you that it happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide .
After a free fall of four to five seconds , the body hits against about 120 miles an hour .
The impact breaks down the bones , some of which punched organs .
Most people die in the impact .
Those who do n't , normally , are <unk> in the helpless water and then they drown .
I do n't think that the people who were going to give up this suicide method realize the death of the death you 're going to face .
This is the cable .
Except for the two towers , there are 32 inches parallel steel .
This is where most people have to before they get their lives .
I can tell you for experience that once the person is on that edge , and at its darkest time , it 's very hard to bring them back .
I took this picture last year as this young man talking to an contemplating his life .
I want to tell you with joy that it was successful that day in bringing it back on the railing .
When I started working on the bridge , we did n't have any formal training .
<unk> to channel the path through these calls .
This was n't just a bad service for those who would commit suicide , but the officers also .
We 've come a long way since then .
Today , veterans and psychologists train new officers train .
This is Jason <unk> .
I met him at July 22 , last year when you receive a guy called suicide bombers sitting in the ropes close to the center .
<unk> , and when I came , I looked at Jason by talking to a official Gate Bridge .
Jason had only 32 years old , and he 'd flown until here from New Jersey .
In fact , he 'd flown up until here two times before New Jersey to try to commit suicide from this bridge .
After about one hour , I was talking to Jason with Jason , and I asked ourselves if we knew the story of Pandora 's box .
He climbed the Greek mythology , and <unk> created Pandora , and he sent to the Earth with a box , and he said , `` Never , never open that box . ''
Well , one day , curiosity could be more than Pandora , and she opened the box .
She came out pests and sorrows and all kinds of evils against man .
The only good thing in the box was hope .
So Jason asked , `` What if you open the box and there is no hope ? ''
And he stopped <unk> , leaned on the right , and it was .
This kind and smart guy in New Jersey had just taken out of life .
I talked to the parents of Jason that night , and I guess when I was talking to them , it did n't seem to be ringing right , because the next day , the family 's rabbi called me to see how he was .
The parents of Jason had been asked .
externalities about suicide affect a lot of people .
I ask you these questions : What would you do if a member of your family , a friend or someone loved being suicide ?
What would you say ?
What do you say ?
In my experience , not just to speak , but you need to listen .
Listening to understanding .
No <unk> , <unk> , or tell the person you know how it feels , because you probably do n't know .
Just being there , you can be the turning point that you need .
If you think someone is suicidal , you 're not afraid of <unk> and asking the question .
One way to ask the question is , `` Other people in similar circumstances have you thought about finishing their life ; you 've had these thoughts ? ''
They put the person in front of you , they save the life and be the turning point for them .
Other signs look for : despair , believe that things are terrible , and they 're never going to be better ; <unk> , believe that there 's nothing you can do about it , and in recent social isolation , and a loss of interest in life .
I came up with this talk just a couple of days ago , and I got an email from a lady , and I 'd like to read your letter .
She lost his son on the 19th of January , this year , and he wrote this email just a couple of days ago , and he 's with her permission and blessing I read it .
`` Hello , Kevin . I guess you 're at the TED conference .
It must be a whole experience to be there .
I 'm thinking I should go to the bridge this weekend .
I just wanted to leave you one note .
I hope you can tell a lot of people and go home talking about it to your friends that tell your friends and so on .
I 'm still pretty numb , but noticing more moments of really realize that Mike wo n't really come home .
Mike was driving from <unk> to San Francisco to see the 30th of his father in January 19th .
It never came there .
I called the <unk> police and reported it as disappeared that night .
The next morning , two officers came to my house , and they reported me that Mike 's car was down on the bridge .
A witness had seen him jump from the bridge to the <unk> of the day before .
Thank you very much for fighting for those who can be temporarily too weak to fight themselves .
Who has n't been wrong without suffering a real mental illness ?
It must not be so easy to end with it .
My prayers are with you for your fight .
The <unk> , the Golden Gate Bridge is supposed to be a passage through our beautiful bay , not a cemetery .
Good luck this week , <unk> .
I ca n't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and go on the path that his son took that day , and also the value to go ahead .
I 'd like to introduce you to a man when I mean hope and value .
On March 11th , 2005 , I replied to a radio call for a fellow suicide subject on the sidewalk of the Bridge near the north tower .
I put my two-wheeler on the sidewalk and looked at this man , Kevin <unk> , standing on the sidewalk .
When he saw me , they crossed immediately the railing , and he stopped at that little tube that goes around the tower .
For the time and the next half , I heard like Kevin talked about her depression and despair .
Kevin decided on his own day to come back on that lane , give it to life .
When Kevin came back , he <unk> him .
`` This is a new beginning , a new life . ''
But I asked him , `` What did he do to go back and gave it to hope and life opportunity ? ''
And you know what he told me ?
He said , `` You 've heard me .
You leave me and you just heard . ''
Shortly after that incident , I got a letter from the mother 's mother , and I have that letter with me , and I 'd like to give you to you .
`` Dear Mr. <unk> , nothing erase the 11th of March , and you 're one of the reasons why Kevin follows with us .
I certainly think Kevin was <unk> .
He 's been diagnosed with a mental illness for which it has been correctly properly .
He took him to Kevin when I was only six months , completely unconscious of all of those traits , but thank God , we now know .
Kevin is in order , like he says .
We thank God for you .
<unk> with you , <unk> <unk> . ''
And in the end , she writes , `` <unk> . When I visited the U.K. General at San Francisco that night , you 're going to show you like the patient .
`` Wow , I had to solve ! ''
Today , Kevin is a loving father and <unk> .
It speaks openly about the events of that day and their depression with the hope that their story will inspire others .
suicide is not just something I 've found in the workplace .
It 's personal .
My grandfather killed himself poison .
That act , despite the end of his own pain , stealing opportunity to meet him .
This is what it does .
For most people who are suicide , or those who considered suicide , you would n't think of hurt another person .
They just want their own pain over .
Typically , this is done by just three ways : sleep , drugs or alcohol or death .
In my career , I 've answered , and I 've been involved in hundreds of mental illness and calls from suicide around the bridge .
Of those incidents when I 've been directly involved in , I 've only lost two , but those two are too much .
One was Jason .
The other one was a man who was talking to him about an hour .
For that time , I got my hands on three times .
At the end handshake , I looked at me , and he said , `` Kevin , sorry , but I have to go . ''
And he jumped .
Awful , absolutely horrible .
I want to tell you , though , that the vast majority of people who we get to contact with that bridge does n't commit suicide .
In addition , those few people have jumped out of the bridge and lived , and they can talk about it , that one percent or two percent , most of those people have said that the second thing they leave off the railing they had made a mistake and they wanted to live .
I tell people , the bridge does not only connect to <unk> with San Francisco , but also people .
That connection , or bridge that we do , is something that every single one of us should be able to do .
People can prevent .
There 's help . There is hope .
Thank you very much .
The world makes you what you 're not , but you know what you are , and a question you give you : How do you become that ?
I have to be something unique in that sense , but I 'm not alone , in any way I 'm alone .
When I became a model , I felt that I had finally had the dream that I had ever had since a child .
My outside , I will finally <unk> my inner truth , with my inner self .
For so complicated reasons , I 'm going to be later later , when I look at this picture , I think , you did n't get it back , you got it , you got .
But last October , I discovered I 'm just starting .
We all love our families , our religion , our society , our moment in history , even our bodies .
Some of them have the value of free to get away from the color of the skin or the beliefs of those around us .
They are people who always challenge the status quo , which is considered to be accepted .
In my case , the last nine years , many of my neighbors , many of my friends , my agent even ignored my story .
I think this puzzle is called the epiphany .
This is mine .
I was recorded as `` child '' at birth because of my appearance of my genitals .
I remember my five years in the Philippines , in my home , I always took this t-shirt in my head .
And my mom asked me , `` Why are you always wearing that t-shirt in your head ? ''
I said , `` Mom , it 's my hair . I 'm a girl . ''
I knew then how to <unk> .
The gender has always been considered an unchanging thing , but now we know that , really , it 's something more complex and mysterious .
Because of my success , I never want to share my story , not because I thought I 'm going to be what I 'm bad , but how the world comes to those of us who want to get free .
Every day I appreciate being a woman .
I have my mom , Dad and a family who actually accept me as I am .
Many are not so fortunate .
There 's a long tradition in Asian culture that celebrates the mystery of gender .
There 's a Buddhist goddess of compassion .
There 's a Hindu goddess , the <unk> goddess .
And when I was eight , I was at a party in the Philippines that celebrated these mysteries .
I was in front of the stage , and I remember this beautiful woman appeared to me , and I remember that moment as if something <unk> me : This is the kind of woman I 'd like to be .
And when I was 15 years old , when I still wore a man , I met this woman called <unk> .
It 's the principal of an transgender beauty pageant .
That night she asked me , `` Why have n't you ever participated in the beauty pageant ? ''
He told me that if she was responsible for the tuition and the costumes , and that night , I won in the bathroom , and I won in a <unk> suit among over 40 candidates .
That moment changed my life .
Suddenly , it was inside the world of beauty .
Not many people can say that their first job was from beauty of transgender women , but I can .
I also met the goddess of homeless , especially when we traveled to remote provinces of the Philippines .
But more importantly , I met my best friends in that community .
In 2001 , my mom , who had moved to San Francisco , called me and told me that approved my request from the green card that I could go to live in America .
I was resistant .
I said to my mother , `` Mommy , I 'm having fun .
I 'm here with friends , I like to travel and be a queen of beauty . ''
But then , two weeks later , he called me and said , `` You know , if you 're listening to the United States , you can change the name and your gender identity ? ''
It was all I needed to hear .
My mom suggested to me to put two `` and '' to my name .
She was also accompanied me when I operated in Thailand at age 19 .
It 's funny that in some of the most rural cities in Thailand to do the most sophisticated , sophisticated surgeries .
At that time in the United States , it was necessary to be done before they changed the name and gender .
So in 2001 I went to San Francisco , and I remember looking at the driver 's license with the name of <unk> and `` F . ''
It was a great time .
For some people , their identity document means to be able to drive or be able to get a drink , but for me it was the license to live , to feel dignified .
Suddenly , my fears was seen .
I felt I could conquer my dream and move to New York , and to be a model .
Many are not so fortunate .
I think of this woman from <unk> <unk> <unk> .
A young woman in New York who bravely lived his truth , but he was <unk> , put it back to his life .
For many of my community , that 's the reality that they live .
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population .
All 20 of November we do a global wake of the <unk> Day .
I 'm on this stage , thanks to a long history of people who are going to take them and stood up to injustice .
These are Marsha P. Johnson and Sylvia <unk> .
Today , right now , I 'm coming out of the closet .
I ca n't keep my truth living alone and only for me .
I want to do the best to help people live their truth without shame or fear .
I 'm here , <unk> , for some day there 's no longer <unk> than 20 of November .
My deepest truth led me to accept what I am .
Will you do that ?
Thank you very much .
Thank you , thank you . KT Schulz : Whoa , a quick question .
<unk> <unk> : Sure . You see , first , thank you , thank you all my blessings .
I support my support network , and my parents , especially my family , who itself is very strong .
I remember all the time I 've been to trans young women , who <unk> , and sometimes , when they called me , and they told me that his parents could n't accept it . I took the phone , he would call my mom and say , `` Mommy , can you call this woman ? ''
Sometimes it worked , others not . It 's just about gender identity , that 's what 's in the center of what we are , right ?
I mean , we all gave us a gender of gender at birth , and what I 'm trying to do is put on the table , the theme that some times that task does n't block , and that there should be a space that would allow people to participate , and this is a conversation we should have with parents , with colleagues .
The transgender movement is <unk> compared to the gay movement .
There 's still a lot of work to do .
It should be understanding .
There should be space for curiosity and to ask questions , and I hope that all of you are my allies .
KS : Thank you . Very kind . <unk> : Thank you .
In many patriarchal societies and tribal societies , parents are usually known for their children , but I 'm one of the few parents who meet her daughter , and I 'm proud of it .
<unk> started his campaign for education by defending his rights in 2007 , and when his efforts was taken in 2011 , the National Peace Prize award was very famous , a very popular girl in his country .
Before that , I was my daughter , but now I 'm his father .
Ladies and gentlemen , if we take a look at the history of humanity , the story of women is the story of injustice , of inequality , violence and exploitation .
You see , in patriarchal societies , right from the beginning , when you 're born a child , their birth is not celebrated .
I 'm not welcome , nor for her father , not for her father .
The neighborhood comes , he gives her <unk> to the mother , and no one <unk> the father .
And a mother is overwhelmed by having a girl .
When it gives birth to the first girl , the first daughter , he gets sad .
When he gives birth to the second daughter , they 'd fall apart , and with the hope of a son , when she shines his third daughter , he feels guilty like a criminal .
Not just mother suffers from , but the daughter , the newborn daughter , when it grows , it suffers too .
At the age of five , when I should go to school , he stays home and school admits of their siblings .
Even the age of 12 , somehow , has a good life .
You can have fun .
You can play with your friends on the street , and he can move through the streets like a butterfly .
But when you go into a teenager , when it 's 13 years old , he 's called a ban on her home without a male companion .
It 's confined to the four walls of their house .
It 's no longer a free person .
It becomes the honor of his father and her brothers and her family , and if I had the code of that honor of course honor , I could even kill .
And it 's interesting that this idea of honor code , not just the life of a girl , also affects the life of male members in the family .
So this brother , <unk> the joys of his life and the happiness of his sisters in the name of honor of course .
And there 's a more norm of the patriarchal societies that 's called compliance .
A good girl must be very quiet , very humble and very <unk> .
It 's the criteria .
The model of a good girl should be <unk> .
It 's supposed to be quiet to be quiet and they hold their father 's decisions and their mother and the elderly decisions , even if you do n't want .
If you get married with a man who does n't like or marry an old man , he has to embrace it , because he does n't want to be seen from <unk> .
If the very young marry , you have to accept it .
Otherwise , <unk> <unk> .
And what happens at the end ?
In the words of a poet : `` The marry , <unk> , and then gives birth to more children and daughters . ''
And the irony of the situation is that this mother , <unk> the same lesson of compliance to his daughter and the same lesson of honor to her children .
And this vicious cycle goes on and continues .
<unk> brothers and sisters , when I was born , and for the first time , believe me , I do n't like newborns , to be honest , but when I was there and I looked at her eyes , believe me , I was extremely honored .
And long before I was born , I thought in his name , and he was fascinated with a feisty , <unk> of the freedom in Afghanistan .
His name was <unk> from <unk> , and he called my daughter like this .
But when I noticed , they were all men , and I grabbed my pen , and I took a line of my name , and I wrote , `` <unk> . ''
And when she grew up , when she was four and a half years old , I got my <unk> in my school .
You might ask , why should I mention the membership of a child in a school ?
Yes , I should mention mentioning .
You can take it for granted in Canada , in the United States , in many developed countries , but in the poor countries , in patriarchal societies , in tribal societies , it 's a great event for a child life .
He <unk> in a school means its identity recognition and his name .
One admission to school means he has entered the world of dreams and aspirations where it can explore their potential for their future life .
I 've got five sisters , and none of them could go to school , and they 'd be surprised , two weeks earlier , when I went through the Canadian visa , and I was in the relative part of the family , I could n't remember the family of some of my sisters .
And the reason I had never seen the names of my sisters written in any document .
That was why the value of my daughter .
What my father could n't give to my sisters or her daughters , I thought I had to change it .
I used to appreciate the intelligence and the <unk> of my daughter .
I 'm going to sit down with me when my friends came to see me .
The encouraged encouraged to go with me to different meetings .
And all of these values , I 've been trying to cope with your personality .
And this was n't just for her , just for <unk> .
I 've run all these good values in my school to girls and boys .
I used the education for the emancipation .
I taught my daughters , taught students , forgetting the lesson of compliance .
I taught students to forget the lesson called <unk> .
<unk> brothers and sisters , we fought for more rights for women , and we fought for more and more space for women in society .
But we found a new phenomenon .
It was lethal for human rights to human rights , and in particular , for women 's rights .
It was called <unk> .
That means a complete denial of engaging women in all politics , economic and social activities .
Hundreds of schools were lost .
girls get banned to school .
Women were forced to use <unk> and let markets go to markets .
Musicians were silenced , the girls <unk> and the singers who were killed .
<unk> million , but a few of them talked about it , and it was terrifying to have around those people who kill and smiled when you talk about their rights .
It 's really frightening .
At the age of 10 , he got up and stood up in the right to education .
He wrote a diary for the BBC blog , he was offered herself for the New York Times documentaries , and I talked on every platform he could .
And his voice was the most powerful voice .
It 's <unk> like a <unk> worldwide .
And that was the reason that the Taliban could not tolerate his campaign and October 9 , 2012 , they shot him in his head .
It was a day for my family and for me .
The world became a big black hole .
While my daughter was <unk> between life and death , I whispered into his ear to my wife , `` Should I blame my daughter for my daughter , your daughter ? ''
And <unk> said to me , `` Please , do n't hurt you .
They 're going to take the right cause .
It 's going to be your life in play for the cause of truth , because of the cause of peace , and for the cause of education , and your daughter inspired you and he got married .
Both were on the right path and God will protect you . ''
These few words were going to be a lot of words for me , and I did n't ask again .
When I was standing in the hospital and he had severe pains and strong headaches because her facial nerve was cut , I used to see a dark shadow that went through my wife 's face .
But my daughter never complained .
I used to tell us , `` I 'm okay with my skewed smile , with my head in my face .
I 'm going to get good . Please do n't worry . ''
It was kind of comfort for us , and we were <unk> .
<unk> brothers and sisters , we learned from her how to resist the hardest times , and I 'm pleased to share with you that despite being an icon for children 's rights and women , it 's like any girl 16 years .
He 's crying when his homework does n't run .
You fight with her siblings , I 'm very happy for that .
People ask me , `` What about special in my mentoring that has made so audacious , expressive and <unk> ? ''
I 'm not wondering what I did .
I did n't do that .
I did n't cut its wings , and that 's it .
Thank you very much .
Thank you . Thank you very much . Thank you .
I was <unk> the brain 18 years ago , and from that day , the science of the brain has become a personal passion .
I 'm engineering .
And I want to tell you that I 've recently joined the <unk> group , and I want to tell you that I 've been just joined by my office , which is a Google visualization of Google <unk> , but all the work I 'm going to talk about today about the science of the brain , I did before I joined Google or outside of my work there
Having said this , there 's a stigma when you hit a brain operation .
Are you still like smart or not ?
Is it not going to be smart ?
Then of neurosurgery , I was missing a part of the brain , and I had to live with it .
It was n't gray matter , but it was the sticky part of the center that creates important hormones and neurotransmitters .
Immediately after the operation after the operation , I had to decide what to take , from over a dozen chemicals every day , because if I did n't take anything , I would die in a few hours .
Every day , for the last 18 years , I 've had to decide about combinations and mixtures of chemicals and try to get out , to follow life .
More than once I 've been saved .
But luckily , I have a soul of <unk> , so I decided to do that I 'm going to do to try to get the dose that you 've got to do , because it really does n't have a clear map that I say in <unk> .
I started trying to mix with different mixtures , and I was stunned by seeing how small changes in the dose changed dramatically , my sense of who I was , my sense of thinking , my behavior with others .
A particularly impressive case -- for a few months , I made doses and typical <unk> , and I was surprised by seeing how my thoughts changed .
I was always angry , I thought all the time in sex , and I thought it was the smartest person around the world , and I thought it was the most smart person in the past , I 've met various guys like this , or maybe some <unk> versions .
It turned out as an extreme .
But my big surprise was that I was n't trying to be cocky .
In fact , I was trying , kind of , insecure , fixing a problem that I had in front of you , and it just does n't happen that way .
So , I could n't handle it .
I changed my dose .
But I think that that experience gave me a new appreciation of men and what they have to go through , and since then I 've been better with men .
What I was trying to do is , when I adjust those hormones and neurotransmitters and so on , I was reclaim my intelligence after the disease and the operation -- my creative thinking , my whole flow of ideas .
I used to think almost always in images , and that became my point of key reference : how do I get those mental images that I use to create <unk> , my ideas , if you want to have it ? Testing new ideas and <unk> situations .
This kind of thoughts is not new .
<unk> like Hume , Descartes and Hobbes -- look at things like this .
They thought the images and the mental ideas were the same thing .
Today there are people who question this idea , and there are a lot of arguments about how the mind works . For me it 's simple : for most of us , mental images are fundamental to <unk> and inventive thinking .
So after several years , I 'm able to find the point right now , and I have already lots of great , mentally <unk> , really sophisticated and <unk> .
Now , I 'm working on how to take these mental images , of my mind to the computer screen .
Can you imagine what would happen if a filmmaker could be able to use their imagination only to direct the world that has the front ?
Or if a musician could get the music from his head ?
There 's incredible possibilities with this , as the way people are able to share at the speed of light .
And the truth is , the only difficulty to do this is simply to increase the resolution of our brain scanning systems .
So let me show you why I think we 're pretty close to this with two recent experiments that were done by two sets in neuroscience .
Both of these used MRI technology , image MRI , to represent the brain , here you can see the brain scan done by <unk> <unk> and their colleagues at Harvard .
The column on the left shows the scan of a person who looks at an image .
The spine of the brain shows the scan of that same individual as I imagined , looking at that same image .
The column on the right is created <unk> the content of the central column on the left , you see that the difference is almost .
It repeated on many different individuals with many different images , always with a similar outcome .
The difference between looking at an image and imagine seeing that same picture is almost .
Now , let me share with you another experiment . This is from the lab of Jack <unk> in Berkeley , California .
They managed to turn brain waves into visual visual fields .
Let 's put it in this way .
In this experiment , he showed the people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos , while they were undergoing their brains to create a large pool of reactions in the brain in front of video sequences .
Then , I showed you a film with new images , new people , new animals , and as much as a new scan .
The computer , using only the brain 's brain data , <unk> it to show what looked like the person was seeing .
On the right , you can see the battery to the computer , and on the left , the video I showed you .
This blew us out .
We 're right close to this .
We just need to improve the resolution .
And now , remember , when you can see a picture , and when you imagine that same image , you create the same mapping .
This took place with the largest resolution system scanning systems today , and its resolution increased as a thousand times in the last few years .
Now we need to increase the resolution a thousand times more to get a deeper look .
How did we do this ?
There 's a lot of techniques to do that .
One is open the skull and introduce electrodes .
I do n't offer myself for that .
Now , many of you are proposing new projection by imaging , even me . Tell me with the recent MRI result , first we have to ask the following , this technology will be the end of the road ?
The conventional wisdom says that the only way to get bigger resolution is with larger magnets , but at this point , those more dopamine magnets offer small improvements in resolution , not yield for thousands as we need .
I propose this idea : instead of bigger magnets , make better magnets .
We can create a lot more complex structures with slightly different arrangements , like making a <unk> .
And why does this care ?
Over the last few years , a lot of effort in the MRI were to make real magnets , right ?
However , most recent advances in <unk> of clever and brilliant solutions of coding and <unk> , in the transmitters and frequency radio receptors in MRI systems .
Instead , instead of a uniform magnetic field , we use magnetic patterns , in which the FM radio frequencies .
So by combining magnetic patterns with patterns of FM radio patterns , we can increase the information that can be extracted in a single scan .
In addition , we can then divide our growing knowledge to the structure of the brain and memory to create the increase in the thousands we need .
By using this fMRI , we should be able to measure not just the blood fluid , but the hormones and the <unk> I 've mentioned , and perhaps even the direct neural activity -- this is sleep .
We 're going to be able to put our ideas on direct way into digital media .
Can you imagine if we could go over language and communicate directly through thinking ?
What would we be able ?
And how will we learn to deal with the truths of human thinking without filter ?
You thought the Internet is a big thing .
These are big questions .
It would be needed as a tool to amplify our thinking skills and communication skills .
Certainly , this same tool could lead to the cure of Alzheimer 's and similar diseases .
We have a few more choices to open this door .
But anyway , do you choose a year , will happen in five or 15 years ?
It 's hard to imagine that it will take much more .
We have to learn how to take this step together .
Thank you .
I 'm going to talk to you tonight about coming out of the closet , and not just in a traditional sense , not just the gay closet .
I think we all have closets .
Your closet maybe to tell you a person for the first time you love her or tell someone who 's pregnant , or telling someone who has cancer , or any other difficult conversation that you have gone through in life .
Now , everything is a difficult conversation , and even though our issues can vary tremendously , the experience of being lived in and have come out of that closet is universal .
It 's scary , and we do n't like it , and it must happen .
A lot of years ago , I was working in the South Side Nation , a restaurant in the city , and I was there , I had to go through several phases of the intensity of <unk> <unk> : I do n't want my armpits , quote the letters of <unk> gave Franco as a litany .
And it 's going to be slope that by the <unk> of my pants , and for me my head was done recently , I would ask you a little boy , `` Hey , are you a kid or girl ? ''
And there was a quiet silence at the table .
I put my jaw a little bit more , I would take my jaw a little bit more , I would take my coffee with him .
The father <unk> <unk> the newspaper , and the mother launched a cold look at his son .
But I would say nothing , and I 'll go through the inside .
And I got to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years , I was ready to fight .
And that 's a terrible feeling .
So I promised myself that the next time I would say something .
I would have that hard conversation .
So after a few weeks , it happened again .
`` Are you a kid or a girl ? ''
A familiar silence , but this time I was prepared , and I was about to go in full of women 's issues at the table . He had the dates of Betty <unk> .
Gloria Steinem dates .
Even a snippet of the vagina `` Vagina Monologues . ''
So I just take a deep breath , and my back , a <unk> girl with a pink dress , staring at me what 's not a challenge for a feminist script , just a girl with a question : `` Are you kid or girl ? ''
So I took a deep breath again , and I got rid of a lot of fun around her , and I said , `` Hey , I know this is kind of confusing .
I have the short hair like one kid , and she saw a kid 's clothes , but I 'm a girl , and you know , like you like to use a pink dress , and sometimes you like to use a comfortable pajamas .
Well , I 'm more of the kind of girl in a comfortable <unk> . ''
And that girl looked at me , by paying attention , and he said , `` My favorite pajamas is purple and has a fish .
Can you give me a <unk> , please ? ''
And that was , `` Oh , let 's look at you a girl .
What about the <unk> I asked ? ''
It was the hard hard conversation that I 've ever had .
And why ? Because the girl in the <unk> and I , both of them , were honest with each other .
So , as many of us , I 've lived in some sides in my life , and yes , often , my walls used to be a rainbows .
But inside , you ca n't know what color is .
You just know how one feels like living in a cupboard .
That 's how my closet is not different from yours or yours or yours .
I 'm sure , I 'll give you a hundred reasons why to come out of my closet was more difficult than to come out of your closet , but this is the issue : The hard is not relative .
The hard is hard .
Who can tell me to explain to someone who have declared to the broken banking is harder than telling them to be fooled ?
Who can tell me that this story that is harder to tell your son of five years to get you to divorced ?
There 's no more difficult , it 's only the hard one .
We need to stop classify what it is difficult to do about what hard to do to another person to make us feel better or worse in relation to our cabinets and we need to just feel empathy because we all live something difficult .
At some point in our lives , we all live in closets , and they can make them feel secure , or at least safer than the other side of the door .
But I 'm here to tell you , that no matter what their walls are made , a cupboard is not a place to live .
Thank you . Imagine yourself 20 years ago .
Me , I had a horse tail , a dress and shoe shoes .
I was n't having a militant lesbian player to fight against any <unk> boy who would go into coffee .
I was frozen in the fear , <unk> in a corner of my dark closet <unk> my gay grenade , and it will move only a muscle is how scary I ever did .
My family , my friends , complete strangers who I 've spent my whole life trying to not be disappointed , and now the world turned around .
It was burning the pages of a script that we all have followed for so much time , but if you do n't toss that grenade down , it was killed .
One of my most memorable stepped away was my sister 's wedding .
It was the first time that many of the guests knew I was gay , and when I was doing women 's Lady , in my black dress , I walked around the tables , and I finally got to one where the friends of my parents were , people who were known to me in years .
And after talking about a moment , one of the women shouted , `` I love Nathan Lane ! ''
And the battle of the gay storytelling had started .
`` Did you ever look at Castro ? ''
`` Well , yeah , the truth is we have friends in San Francisco . ''
`` Well , we 've never gone there , but we 've heard it 's fabulous . ''
`` Did you know my <unk> Antonio ? ''
It 's very good , and he has never talked about having a girlfriend . ''
`` <unk> , what 's your favorite TV show ?

And you know who you love ? Jack .
Jack is our favorite . ''
And then a woman , puzzling , but he was waiting for desperately his support , to make me know that I was on my side , finally he said to me , `` Well , sometimes my husband uses pink shirts . ''
And I had an opportunity at that time , as they got all the toss of it .
Surely , it might have been easy to indicate where they felt <unk> .
It 's not very hard to find them and realize the fact that they were <unk> .
And what else can you ask for somebody , but to strive ?
If you 're going to be authentic with somebody , you have to be prepared for how authentic you get .
That 's how hard conversations continue without being my strong point .
Ask anyone who I had come out .
But I 'm getting better , and I keep what I like to call the three principles of the <unk> of the <unk> .
Now , please look at this through gay perspective , but you understand that what it takes out of any closet is essentially the same .
Number one : Be authentic .
Be armor . Be you .
That girl in the coffee had no armor but I was ready for the battle .
If you want somebody to be genuine , the others must know we also suffer .
Number two : Be right . You just shake your patches .
If you know they 're gay , you know .
If you say to your parents that maybe they might be gay , they will maintain the hope that that could change .
You wo n't give them a sense of false hope .
And number three , and most important -- Leave the complex .
You communicate your truth .
It 's never taken away by that .
And some of them can get hurt safe , you know , they 've done , but you 're never sorry for what they are .
And yeah , maybe some would feel disappointed , but that 's something in them , not you .
Those are the expectations of them about what you are , but not your own ones .
That 's the story of them , but not you .
The only story that matters is that you want to write .
So next time you find it in a dark , <unk> closet , you must know that we 've all been there before .
And you may feel very lonely , but they 're not .
Thank you , Boulder . Enjoy the evening .
Intelligence , what is that ?
If you look at the story of what intelligence has been seen , a productive example has been the famous quote from <unk> <unk> that `` The question of if a machine can think about it is as interesting as the question of whether a submarine can swim . ''
When <unk> <unk> wrote this as a criticism of the computer pioneers , like Alan Turing .
And so a few years ago , I took a program to try to understand the fundamental underlying physical mechanisms of intelligence .
Let 's take a step back .
So first we start with a mental experiment .
Imagine that they 're an alien race , who do n't know anything about the biology of Earth 's Earth or the brain of Earth or Earth 's intelligence , but they have incredible telescopes , and you can see the Earth , and they have incredibly long lives , so you can see the Earth for millions , even billions of years .
And you see a very strange effect .
Of course , like Earthlings , we know that the reason we 're trying to save ourselves .
We 're trying to avoid an impact .
But if you 're from an alien race that does n't know anything about this , that it does n't have any concept on Earth 's intelligence , you would be forced to develop a physical theory that would explain how , to some point in time , the asteroids that we put on the surface of a planet mysteriously allowed to do it .
And so that 's why I claim this is the same question that you can understand the physical nature of intelligence .
So in this program that I 've done several years ago , I looked at a variety of issues through science , across various disciplines , which pointed out , I think , towards a single underlying mechanism of intelligence .
In cosmology , for example , there have been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be accurately adjusted to the development of intelligence , and in particular , for the development of universal states that we 're going to give up the diversity of possible future .
Finally , in the planning of robotic movement , there 's been a variety of recent techniques that have been trying to take advantage of robots to maximize the future freedom of action in order to do complex tasks .
And so , by taking all these different subjects and put them together , I asked , I asked , for several years , is there an underlying mechanism for intelligence that we can get from all these different issues ?
Is there only an equation for intelligence ?
And I think the answer is . What you 're seeing is probably the closest equivalent to one E = <unk> for the intelligence that I have seen .
So what you 're seeing here is an affirmation that intelligence is a force , F , that acts with the end of maximizing the future freedom of action .
It 's acting to maximize the future freedom of action , or to maintain open choices , with the diversity of possible future accessible , yeah , to an impending future time , tau .
In a nutshell , intelligence does n't like getting caught up .
Your intelligence is trying to maximize the future freedom of action and to maintain open choices .
And so , with this equation , it 's natural to ask : What can you do with this ?
How predictive is it ?
Do we get the level of human intelligence ?
Is artificial intelligence worth ?
So I 'm going to show you now a video that I think , showing some of the amazing applications of this simple equation .
Narrator : <unk> research in cosmology have suggested that universes that produce more disorder , or `` entropy , '' during their life they should have more favorable conditions for the existence of intelligent beings like us .
But what if that cosmological connection between entropy and intelligence is a deeper relationship ?
What if intelligent behavior is not only correlated with the production of entropy in the long term , but actually arises from it ?
To find out , we 've developed a software engine called <unk> , designed to maximize the production of entropy the long term in any place which is within .
Amazingly , <unk> could spend multiple animal tests , play games of human intelligence , and even earn money by making stock , all that without the right thing to do that .
Here are some examples of <unk> in action .
Just like a foot of foot without falling over , here we see <unk> balancing of automatically a pole using a cart .
This behavior is remarkable in part because we never gave them a goal .
He simply decided he 's decided to balance the pole .
This ability of balance will have applications for humanoid robotics and human care technologies .
This ability to use applications in smart manufacturing and agriculture .
And also , just like some other animals can cooperate pulling aside on the same time to release the food , here we see that <unk> can perform a version of that task .
This capacity of cooperation has interesting consequences for economic planning and in a variety of other fields .
<unk> is widely applicable in a variety of domains .
For example , here we see successfully playing a game changer against itself , <unk> their potential for play .
So here we see <unk> orchestrate new connections in a social network where friends are constantly falling and keeps the network well connected .
This same <unk> capacity also has applications in health care , in energy and intelligence .
So here we see <unk> organizing the routes of a fleet of ships , discovering successfully , using the Panama Canal to expand at the global level of the Atlantic to the Pacific .
In the same way , <unk> is widely applicable , in defense , autonomous and transportation .
Finally , here we see <unk> spontaneously discovering and running a strategy of <unk> , <unk> in a simulated series of negotiations , successfully increasing assets under their exponentially .
This ability to management ability will have broad applications in finance and insurance .
Alex <unk> : What you 've seen is that a variety of <unk> human behaviors such as tool use , walking upright and social cooperation , all derive from one equation , which leads to a system to maximize its future freedom of action .
Now , here 's a profound irony .
So let 's go back to the beginning of the term that the robot `` <unk> '' -- there was always the concept that if you were making smart machines , there would be cyber rebellion .
The machines went up against us .
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that perhaps all these decades , we 've had all the concept of rebellion cyber rebellion .
It 's not that the machines first become intelligent , and then they 're trying to take over the world .
It 's the opposite , that the impulse to take control of all the future possible is a more fundamental principle than the intelligence of intelligence , that general intelligence can actually arise directly from taking control , instead of being backwards .
Another important implication is the pursuit of objective .
I 'm often asked , `` How do you look for goals of this framework ? ''
My equivalent to that statement to go to the descendants and to help them build artificial intelligences or to help them understand artificial intelligence , is the following : intelligence has to be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize the future freedom of action and avoid constraints in their own future .
Thank you very much .
We 're at a turning point in human history , something between the conquest of stars and losing the planet that we call home .
Although , in the last few years , we 've expanded a lot of our knowledge of how it fits the Earth in the context of the universe .
The Kepler Kepler 's Kepler has discovered thousands of potential planets orbiting other stars , what points to Earth is only one among billions of planets in our galaxy .
Kepler is a space telescope that measures the light display of stars when the planets go ahead of them , and they blocking a little bit of that light that gets us .
Data picked up by Kepler showing the planets in addition to the distance that there are between them and their mother star .
And together , this helps us to understand whether these planets are small and rocky like the Earth 's planets of our solar system , and also the amount of light that gets from their suns .
Instead , this gives you clues about whether these planets we find are habitable or not .
Unfortunately , as we 're finding this treasure trove of worlds that are potentially livable , our own planet is <unk> under the weight of humanity .
The 2014 year was the hottest record .
<unk> and sea ice that have been with us for millennia now , are disappearing in a matter of decades .
These environmental changes that we have caused a global scale have rapidly surpassed our ability to disrupt their course .
But I 'm not a scientist of the weather , no astronomer .
But I study the <unk> of the planet influenced by the stars , with the hope of finding places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet .
You could say I 'm looking for alien opportunities in the housing sector .
Now , as someone very interested in searching for life in the universe , I can tell you that the more I look for planets like the Earth , the more I enjoy our own planet .
Each of these new worlds invites a comparison between the newly discovered planet and the planets that we know better : our solar system .
Take our neighbor , Mars .
Mars is small and <unk> , and even though it 's a little further from the sun , it can be considered a potentially habitable world demonstrated this by a mission like the Kepler .
In fact , it 's possible that Mars has been habitable in the past , and in part , it 's why we study to Mars .
Our <unk> like the Curiosity stream tracks their surface in search of clues about the origins of life as we know it .
The satellites that orbit , like the <unk> mission , take samples from the Mars atmosphere , and they try to understand how Mars has been able to lose their <unk> .
Now , private companies offer not only short space flight but also the possibility of living on Mars .
But despite all these <unk> images remind us of our planet 's deserts , places that are linked in our imagination with <unk> and <unk> ideas , compared to the Earth , Mars is a rather terrible place to live .
Let 's take the extension of the <unk> areas of our planet that we still have to colonize , places that are really <unk> in comparison with Mars .
Even in the dry places and highest air of the Earth , air is fresh and full of oxygen <unk> by our tropical forests for thousands of miles away .
I 'm worried that this excitement for the colonization of Mars and other planets will be able to get a big , sad shadow : the implication , and the belief from some of that to be able to save us in to save the one planet of the only planet that we know is truly habitable , the Earth .
For a lot of exploration I like exploration , I 'm in deep disagreement with this idea .
There 's a lot of good reasons to go to Mars , but to say that Mars will be there in order to safeguard humanity , is you just like to imagine that the captain of the Titanic will have a place later in the <unk> . Thank you .
But the goals for exploration and terrestrial exploration is not <unk> .
No , they 're actually faces of the same coin : the goal of understanding , to preserve and improve life in the future .
The extreme environments in our world looks like aliens .
They 're just getting closer home .
If we can understand how to create and maintain habitable spaces , in the hostile areas of the land , maybe we can meet the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that .
I 'll leave you with a mental experiment : the paradox of Fermi .
A lot of years ago , Enrico Enrico Fermi asked asked : To realize that our universe has been around for a long time , and we hope that many planets existed in this universe , we should have found evidence of the life of extraterrestrial life until now .
Well , where are they ?
Well , a possible solution to Fermi 's paradox is that when civilizations become advanced advanced enough to consider living between the stars , they lose the notion of how important it is to protect from the origin of the planets that will develop this development .
It 's arrogant to think that only <unk> will save us from ourselves , but the planetary preservation and exploration can work together .
If we really believe in our ability to leverage the hostile environments to the human presence , then we should be able to overcome the even easier task to preserve the Goldilocks on Earth .
Thank you .
A few years ago , I was going through my own house .
And while I was on the front porch looking in my pockets , I realized he did n't have the keys .
In fact , I could see by the window that they were at the dining room table , where he had left them .
So quickly I tried to open all the other doors and windows , and they were all fine closed .
I thought I 'd call a <unk> , at least I had my cell phone , but at midnight , a <unk> could take a long time to get there , it was cold .
I could n't go home from my friend 's friend of Jeff to spend night because he had an early flight to the next morning , and I 'm <unk> from my passport and my suitcase .
I mean , expensive , but I 'm sure not more expensive than a half a night , so I thought , despite the circumstances , I was standing right .
I 'm a profession a profession , and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress .
It releases cortisol , your heart rate increases , <unk> your adrenaline and <unk> levels .
And when I got to the board counter at the airport , I realized I did n't have my passport .
Well , I had a long time to think about those eight hours without sleeping .
And I started wondering , if there was something that I could do , systems that could put in place , to avoid bad things .
Or at least , if bad things happen , they will make the probability of a total catastrophe .
So I started thinking about that , but until a month later my thoughts do n't <unk> .
I was having dinner with my colleague , Danny <unk> , the Nobel Prize winner told him that I broke the window , and I 'd forgotten my passport , and he had forgotten my passport , and Danny shared with me that I had been practicing something called <unk> retrospective .
It 's something he had learned from the psychologist Gary Klein , who had written from this a few years before , known as the <unk> .
Everybody knows what <unk> is .
Every time there 's a disaster , a team of experts come up and try to figure out what went wrong , right ?
In <unk> , like Danny 's explains Danny , you look forward and try to figure out all the things that could go wrong , and try to figure out what can do to prevent things to happen or to minimize the damage .
So what I want to talk about with you is some of the things we can do in the form of a <unk> .
Some of them are evident , others are not as evident .
I 'm going to start with the obvious .
At the house , you 'll take a place for things that are easily lost .
This sounds like common sense , and it 's , but there 's a lot of science that supports this thesis , based on how our spatial memory works .
There 's a structure in the brain called hippocampus , which has evolved over thousands of years , to address the location of the important things , where the good , where the fish are , where the fish are , where the <unk> trees live in , where tribes are friends and enemies .
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that <unk> in London 's drivers .
It 's the part of the brain that allows squirrels to find their nuts .
And if you ask if somebody actually did the experiment , they cut out the <unk> sense of squirrels , and they could still find their nuts .
They did n't use smell , but the hippocampus , that very evolved mechanism in the brain to find things .
But it 's really good for things that do n't move much , not so good for things that move a lot .
This is the reason for losing car keys , reading goggles and passports .
So at home , a place for your keys , a hook next to the door , maybe a decorative dish .
For your passport , a particular drawer .
For your reading goggles , a particular coffee table .
If you take a place and they 're <unk> with it , you 'll always be there when you look for them .
What about trips ?
Take your credit card a picture of your credit card , driver 's license , <unk> , <unk> by email themselves to be in the cloud .
If these things are lost or steal them , it can easier it to substitution .
These are some of the most obvious things .
Remember , when you 're under stress , your brain releases cortisol .
Your cortisol is toxic , and you get the thinking .
So part of <unk> practice is to recognize that under stress we will not be at the best time , and you have to put the systems on your site .
And there 's maybe not more stressful than when you 're faced with a medical decision .
And at some point , we all will be in that situation , to have to make a very important decision about the future of our medical care or a loved one , to help them with a decision .
And so I want to talk about that .
And I 'll talk about a very particular medical condition .
But this would be used as a <unk> for all of medical decisions , and in fact for decision-making financial decisions and social decisions , any kind of decision that you need to take from the one that would benefit a rational assessment of facts .
So let 's suppose they go to the doctor and the doctor says , `` I 've gotten the output in the lab and your cholesterol is a little high . ''
Everybody knows that high cholesterol is associated with a greater risk of heart disease , heart attack , stroke .
So you 're thinking that having high cholesterol is not the best , then the doctor says , `` I 'd like to give you a drug to help you reduce your cholesterol , a <unk> . ''
And maybe you 've heard about the <unk> , and you know that it 's one of the most prescribed medication in the world today -- even likely to know people who take them .
So you think , `` Yes , you 'll get <unk> ! ''
But there 's a question that you have to do then , a statistic that you should ask for most doctors do n't want to talk , and the pharmaceutical companies even less .
It 's for <unk> , the number you need to treat .
And what is this , the <unk> ?
It 's the number of people who need to take a drug or submit surgery in any medical procedure before you can help a person .
And should you think about what kind of statistical statistic is that ?
The number should be one .
My doctor did n't tell me something if I did n't help me .
But actually , medical practice does n't work like this .
And it 's not the doctor 's fault , and if it 's someone 's fault , it 's the scientists like me .
We have n't understood the underlying underlying mechanisms .
But the <unk> estimates that 90 percent of the drugs works only by 30 to 50 percent of people .
So the number need to treat the most broadly prescribed prescribed , which is it ?
How many people have to take it before you help a person ?
300 .
This is according to the research research Conference by cynical Jerome and Pamela <unk> , <unk> independently .
I 'm going to explore the numbers .
300 people have to take the drug for a year before we had a single heart attack , stroke or other adverse events .
Now maybe you might think , `` Well , one probability on 300 to lower my cholesterol .
Why not , doctor ? <unk> the recipe anyway . ''
But then you should ask for a more statistic , and it 's , `` <unk> of the side effects . '' Yeah ?
For this particular drug , the side effects produce in five percent of the patients .
And those include terrible things : debilitating , muscle , articulate pain , but now you think , `` Five percent is not very likely to happen to me , still taking medicine . ''
But a moment .
You know , under stress they do n't think clearly .
So you think about how to fix this over time , so you do n't have to make the chain of reasoning in the act .
300 people take the drug , right ? A person has helped , five percent of the 300 have side effects , that 's 15 people .
You have 15 times more likely to get rid of the drug to help you the drug .
I 'm not saying they should or not take the <unk> .
I just say you must have this conversation with your doctor .
<unk> is required , it 's part of the beginning of informed consent .
We have a right to have access to this kind of information to start the conversation about whether you want to take the risks or not .
Maybe you 're thinking that I 've launched this number in the air for the crash value , but actually this number that we 're going to treat is quite typical .
To the surgery that the most is done in the older men , <unk> of prostate cancer , the number needed to treat is 49 .
This is 49 surgeries for one person who has helped .
And the side effects in that case is produced by 50 percent of the patients .
Those include uncertainty or erectile dysfunction , urinary incontinence , Victorian incontinence .
And if you 're lucky , and you 're one of that 50 percent of the effects just <unk> a year or two .
So the idea of <unk> is thinking before questions that you can make your conversation forward .
You do n't have to make all this in the act .
And they also want to think about quality of life .
Because you have a choice many times , do you want a shorter life of pain , or longer life than could have a lot pain towards the end ?
These are the things they talk about and think about now , with your family and their loved ones .
You can change it at the heat of the moment , but unless you 're trained in this kind of thinking .
Remember , our brain releases cortisol , and one of the things that happens at that time is that they turn out a lot of systems .
There 's an evolutionary reason for this .
Face to face with a predator , is not necessary , or the libido or immune system , because if the body is spending the metabolism in those things , it does n't react fast . They could be the <unk> of lions , so none of that matters .
Unfortunately , one of the things that goes through the window during those moments of stress is the logical logical thinking , like Danny <unk> and his colleagues have shown .
So we have to train them to think about the future to these kinds of situations .
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we 're all failing .
We 're all going to fail in the time .
The idea is to think about the future how those failures could be , to put the systems into the place that will help minimize the damage , or to prevent the bad things to happen in the first place .
I went through the snow night in Montreal , when I came back from my journey , my contractor in a combination of combination along the door , with a key to the front door , an easy way to remember that .
And I have to admit that I still have lots of letters I have n't ordered , and lots of emails I have n't read .
So I 'm not very organized , but I see the organization as a gradual process , and I 'm doing it .
Thank you very much .
Interpreter : <unk> , `` <unk> '' is my favorite musical symbol .
It means <unk> .
If you 're playing a musical instrument , and you see a <unk> in the music , you need to play more gently .
Two of the <unk> , even more soft .
Four . ' <unk> .
This is my drawing of a <unk> tree , there you see that it does n't matter how many thousands and thousands of <unk> may have , never appealed to a complete silence .
That 's my current definition of silence : a very dark sound .
I 'd like to share a little bit about the story of the American American system , the <unk> , in addition to my own story .
The language of French signs came over the 1800s , and over time , he mixed up with local signs , and it developed the language we know today as <unk> .
So , it has a story about 200 years .
I was born deaf , and I was taught to believe that sound was n't a part of my life .
And I believed it was true .
But I now realize it 's not true for anything .
sounds are a very important part of my life , they 're really in my mind every day .
As a person who lives in a sound world , it 's like I lived in a foreign country , following blindly blindly tracking their rules , customs , behaviors and standards without <unk> .
So how do I understand sound ?
Well , I see how people behave and respond to sound .
People are like my speakers and amplify the sound .
Now , learn and <unk> that behavior .
At the same time , I 've learned that I can create sounds , and I 've seen how people respond .
So I 've learned , for example ...
`` Do n't break the door ! ''
`` Do n't do much of a lot of noise by eating the potato chips ! ''
`` Do n't <unk> , and when you 're eating , make sure no scratch covered in the dish . ''
I call this sound tag .
Maybe I think of the sound tag more than the average person does it .
I 'm <unk> sounds .
And I 'm always waiting with the sound of the sound , which is for coming next .
Hence , this picture .
<unk> , for deciding .
<unk> , to continue .
<unk> , to announce it .
You can see that <unk> does n't have notes on the lines .
That 's because the lines contain sounds through the subtle <unk> and blobs .
In the culture deaf , the movement is equivalent to sound .
This is the sign for `` <unk> '' in the <unk> .
A typical <unk> has five lines .
Yet , for me , I 'm doing it with my thumb that does n't feel natural .
That 's why in my drawings I 've only got four lines on paper .
In 2008 , I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin , Germany , for an artist residence there .
Before this time , I had worked like <unk> .
During this summer , I visited museums and different galleries , and as I went from one place to another , I realized there was no visual art there .
At that time , the sound was the trend and that struck me ...
There was no visual art , everything was hearing .
Now sound has entered my territory of art .
Is it going to tell you more of the art ?
I realized that does n't have to be this way .
In fact , I know the sound .
I know it so well that you do n't just experience through your ears .
I can feel it in touch , or experience it visually , or even as an idea .
So I decided to reclaim sound ownership and put it into my artistic practice .
And everything that had taught me in the sound of sound , and I decided to leave it , and I decided .
I started to create a new job of work .
And when I presented it to the arts community , I was shocked with the amount of support and attention I got .
I realized that sound is like money , power , control : social currency .
In the background of my mind , I always felt that the sound was alien , it was a listener of a listener .
And the sound is so powerful that I could get rid of me and my artistic work , or I could empower .
I chose me to get married .
There 's a mass culture around the spoken language .
And just because I do n't use my literal voice to communicate , to the eyes of society is like I did n't have a voice at all .
So I have to work with people who can support me and become my voice .
So I 'm capable of being relevant in the current society .
So in school , at work and institutions , I work with many different performers of <unk> .
And his voice becomes my voice and identity .
They help me be heard .
And their voices have value and weight .
Ironically , by asking for <unk> their voices , I 'm able to keep a temporary form of value as well as taking a loan with a very high interest rate .
If I would n't continue to continue this practice , I feel that I could be able to do it in oblivion and do n't have any kind of social value .
So with sound like my new artistic medium , I 'm going to take you in the world of music .
And I was surprised by seeing the similarities between music and <unk> .
For example , a musical note can not capture and express fully on paper .
And the same is true of a concept in <unk> .
The two are very <unk> and highly <unk> , which means subtle changes can affect all the meaning as much as the signals as the sounds .
I 'd like to share with you a piano metaphor , so you get to understand how the <unk> works .
So imagine a piano .
<unk> divides in many different kinds of parameters .
If you assigned a different parameter for each finger , as the facial expression , the body 's movement , the body 's movement , the speed , the shape of your hand and so , as you touch the piano , the English is a linear language , as if you 're going to take a key at the same time .
However , <unk> is more like a chord , you need the 10 fingers simultaneously to express a clear concept or an idea in <unk> .
If only a key would change the chord , it would create a completely different meaning .
Same thing with music in terms of tone and timbre and volume .
In <unk> , using these different <unk> parameters , you can express different ideas .
For example , the `` <unk> '' sign .
This is the sign `` <unk> on that . ''
I 'm looking at you .
<unk> straight .
Oh , I 'm getting angry .
Uh oh .
What are you looking at ?
Ah , good .
So I started thinking , `` What if I look at it through the music glasses ?
If I had to create a sign and put it over and over again , it could be like a piece of visual music .
For example , this is the sign of `` day , '' the sun comes out and puts it .
This is `` all day . ''
If you zoom in and <unk> the speed , visually you look like a piece of music .
All day .
I feel like the same thing can be said of `` all night . ''
`` All night . ''
This is all night , in this drawing .
And this led me to think about three different types of nights ago , `` Last night , '' `` during the night , '' `` all night . ''
I feel that the third one has more <unk> than the other two .
This represents how the timing is expressed , and how the distance in the body can express change in time .
For example , one <unk> . It 's a hand , two <unk> . It 's two hands , the present gets closer and in front of the body , the future is in front of the body , and the past is on the back .
So , the first example is `` a long time ago . ''
Then , `` past , '' `` <unk> '' and the last one , which is my favorite , with a very romantic and dramatic idea at once , `` Once . ''
A common time , '' is a musical term with a specific pace of four times per compass .
However , when I look at the word `` ordinary weather , '' I think automatically in `` at the same time . ''
Watch <unk> : your right hand , E : hand left .
We have the <unk> through your head and your chest .
[ Face : <unk> , flashlight ] [ time <unk> ] [ time ] [ time ] <unk> : E : E : E , flashlight ] I 'm going to show you a form of the hand called `` flashlight . ''
Can you do it with me ?
All with your hands in high .
Now we 're going to do it both in the head like the chest , something like `` ordinary time '' or `` at the same time . ''
Yeah , good .
That means `` love '' in the international system .
The international system , as a note , is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and signs around the world .
The second one I 'd like to show you is this . Please do it with me again .
And now this .
It means `` colonization '' in <unk> .
Now , the third . Please follow me again .
And again .
It 's `` lighting '' in <unk> .
We 're going to do the three together .
`` <unk> , '' `` colonization and lighting . ''
Good job .
Now , look at how three signs are very similar . They all occur in the head and your chest , but they transmit very different meanings .
It 's amazing to see how <unk> is alive and thriving , just like music .
However , today , we live in a very <unk> world .
And just because <unk> does n't have sound , it automatically has any social value .
We have to start questioning what the social value defines and allowing the <unk> to grow its own value , without sound .
And this could be a step to make a more inclusive society .
And maybe people will understand that you do n't have to be deaf to learn <unk> , and you do n't have to hear to learn music .
<unk> is a rich treasure , and I 'd like you to have the same experience .
I 'd like to invite you to open your ears , open your eyes , to participate in our culture and experience our visual language .
And you never know , they can even fall in love with us .
Thank you .
<unk> <unk> : Hey , that 's me .
As a child , my parents would say to me , `` You can <unk> everything , but then you have to clean up . ''
Freedom involves responsibility .
But my imagination led to all these wonderful places where everything was possible .
So I grew up in a bubble of innocence , or a bubble bubble , I should say , because adults lie to us to protect us from the horrible truth .
When I became older , I found out that the adults also <unk> , and they 're not very good to clean up the others .
The time , I 'm now an adult , and I teach citizenship and invention in the Hong Kong Hong Kong .
You do n't have to wait long enough for my students to walk through the beach <unk> with lots of garbage .
So as good citizens , we cleaned up the beaches , and no , it 's not drinking alcohol , and if it 's , I did n't have it .
It 's sad to say , but more than 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic .
It 's creepy .
And in the last decades , we 've been coming out with these big ships and networks , to collect these plastic bits of plastic to study them under the microscope , and we classify them and put them into a map .
But it lasts for an eternity and it 's very expensive , and it 's also very risky to use these huge boats .
So with my students , with ages of six to 15 years , we dream about making a better way .
We 've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong in a workshop .
We started building this coffee table with <unk> , so that the kids who are very kindly able to participate .
And I 'll tell you , the children who manipulate electrical tools feel great and secure .
Not exactly .
Let 's go back to plastic .
We collect plastic and reduce it to the size we find it in the ocean , which is very small , because of its fragmentation .
We do that .
I 'll leave it to my students ' imagination .
My job is to try to take the best ideas of every child and try to get into something that we hope to work .
We decided instead of collecting bits of plastic , just <unk> information .
By using a robot , we took a picture of this plastic -- kids get really excited with robots .
Then we started quickly what we call a prototype .
We are so fast in making prototypes that we end up before lunch .
And we turned light bulbs and web cameras on accessories and we assemble it into a floating robot that will move slowly through the water and through plastic that we have there , and this is the picture just captured by the robot .
We see the chunks of plastic floating around the sensor , floating through the sensor in board processing this image and measuring the size of each particle , to get a rough estimate of the amount of plastic in the water .
So I 'm going to take this invention to step on a website to inventors called `` <unk> , '' with the hope that somebody else can make it even more .
The great thing about this project is that the students saw a local problem , and , boom , they 're trying to figure out immediately .
I can investigate my local problem , but my students in Hong Kong are very well informed .
You see the news , they look at the Internet , and you 're going to get stuck with this picture .
A child , maybe 10 years old , cleaning up an oil spill , just using their hands , in <unk> , the largest mangrove forest in Bangladesh .
They were very surprised because this is the water you drink , it 's water in which they bathe , the water where they 're caught , the place where they live .
You can also see that water is brown and mud and oil are also brown color , and when everything mixes , it 's very hard to see what 's in the water .
But there 's a simple technology called <unk> , which allows you to see what 's in the water .
We built a first prototype of an MRI , which can light through all kinds of substances that produce the different spectra , which can help you identify what 's in the water .
We took this prototype with a sensor and we send it to Bangladesh .
The great thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem , or analyzing a local problem , my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help other children .
I can investigate a problem at a distance . ] I was forced to do a second experiment , and I wanted to go a little further , I 'll be able to address a harder problem , and also closer to me .
I 'm half Japanese and half Japanese , and maybe remember , in 2011 , there was a devastating earthquake in Japan .
It was so violent that it triggered several giant waves , called tsunamis , and those tsunamis destroyed several cities on the East coast of Japan .
More than 14,000 people died in a moment .
It also gives the nuclear power plant from Fukushima , a nuclear power station to the water .
And today , according to the average of 300 tons are still leaking from the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean .
Today , the entire Pacific Ocean has traces of pollution by <unk> .
If you go to the west coast , we can measure the radiation of Fukushima everywhere .
But if you look at the map , it seems that most of the radiation disappeared from the Japanese coast , and most of the time , it looks safe , it 's blue .
Well , the reality is a little bit more complicated than that .
I 've come back to Fukushima every year from the crash and research independently with other scientists , the land , the river , and this time , we wanted to bring the kids .
Of course we did n't have them , the parents did n't allow them .
But every night we reported the center of the control center -- you see the use of different masks .
It might seem like they did n't take a seriously job , but they did because they 're going to have to live with your entire life .
Together with them we discussed the data that day , and we talked about what we were going to do next , the strategies , the <unk> and so on .
And to do this , we created a <unk> <unk> map of the region around the nuclear power plant .
We created the elevation map , showing shows to represent real-time data in real time of radioactivity , and <unk> water to simulate the rain .
So with this , we were able to notice that the radioactive dust was filtering from the top of the mountain to the <unk> and <unk> system in the ocean .
It was a rough estimate .
But based on this , we organized a civil expedition , the nearest about nuclear power to date .
We zoom in to a mile of the nuclear power , and with the help of the area , we were collecting sediments from the sea floor with a <unk> of sediment as we invent and build .
Here we see a progression : We 've gone from a local problem to a remote problem , to a global problem .
And it 's been very exciting to work on these different scales , also with open and very simple open-source technologies .
But at the same time , it 's been increasingly frustrating because we 've only been starting to measure the damage we 've done .
We have n't even started trying to solve problems .
I wonder if we should take the leap and try to invent better ways to do all these things .
So the classroom became so much small so therefore , we find an industrial installation in Hong Kong , and we turned it into the largest space dedicated to the social and environmental impact .
It 's in the Hong Kong center , and it 's a place where we can work with wood , metal , chemistry , a little bit of biology , of optical , basically , you can build almost everything there .
It 's also a place where adults and children can play together .
It 's a place where the dreams of children can actually become a reality with adult aid , and where adults can be children again .
Students : acceleration ! <unk> !
<unk> <unk> : We asked things like , can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy ?
For example .
Or can we help in the mobility of the old age , transforming their standard wheelchair in new electrical vehicles ?
Plastic , oil and oil are <unk> terrible , but the worst legacy we can leave our children are lies .
We ca n't afford to protect the children of the horrible truth because we need their imagination to invent solutions .
So , scientific citizens , creators , <unk> , we need to make the next generation so they care about the environment and people , and so that it can really do something about it .
Thank you .
Two twin domes , two cultures of radically opposite design .
One is made from thousands of pieces of steel , the other of a single silk thread .
One of them is synthetic , the other organic .
One is on the environment , the other one creates it .
One is designed by nature , the other one .
Michelangelo said that when he looked at the raw marble , he saw a figure to be free .
The <unk> was only Michelangelo .
But living beings are not <unk> .
They grow .
And in the smallest units of life , the cells , we carry the whole information required for every cell to work and to replicate .
The tools also have consequences .
At least since the Industrial Revolution , the design world has been dominated by rigors of manufacturing and mass production .
The assembly lines have dictated a world made of parts , which is the imagination of designers and trained architects to think about their objects as <unk> from discrete parts with different functions .
But you do n't find <unk> material in nature .
Think of the human skin , for example .
Our facial skins are thin to <unk> pores .
The skins of the back are thicker with small pores .
One acts primarily like filter , the other primarily as a barrier , and yet it 's the same skin : there 's no parts , there 's no <unk> .
It 's a system that gets gradually its functionality through variation of compliance .
Here 's a dividing screen that represents my view of the divided world , the double personality of every designer and architect to work today between <unk> and the gene , between the machine and the organism , between the assembly and growth , between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin .
These two visions of the world , my left hemisphere and the right , analytics and synthesis , shows on two screens after me .
My job , on its simplest level , tries to bring these two visions in the world , moving away from the assembly and approaching growth .
You 're probably wondering : Why now ?
Why did n't it happen 10 or even five years ?
We live in a very special moment in history , a rare time , where they congregate in four disciplines that offer designers access to tools we never had access to before .
And at the intersection of these four fields , my team and I create .
Please know my minds and my hands of my students .
We design objects , products , structures and tools across scales , large-scale and tools and tools across the scope of 24 meters in diameter with a sense that some day not very far to print entire buildings , graphs to nanoscale the genetically modified arm that shine out in the dark .
So here we have <unk> the latticework , an archetype of ancient Arab architecture , and has created a screen where each groove is only a single size to model the shape of the light and the heat through it .
So in our next project , we explored the possibility to create one layer and a skirt -- this was for a fashion parade of Paris <unk> -- it 's like a second skin made of a single piece , <unk> in the contours , flexible around the waist .
Together with a <unk> 3D printing collaborator , we printed this layer and skirt pops without seams between the cells , and I 'll show you more objects like that .
This helmet combines rigid materials and soft materials on the resolution of 20 microns .
This is the resolution of a human hair .
It 's also a resolution of a scanner scanner .
That designers have access to this high-resolution analytical , and to the synthetic instruments , it allows you to design products that are spreading not just the shape of our bodies , but also the physiological structure of our tissues .
We 've also designed an acoustic chair , a <unk> chair at the structural time structural , as well as it absorbs sound .
The Carter professor , my collaborator , went back to nature to inspire , and by designing this <unk> pattern , becomes <unk> .
So , <unk> this surface of 44 different properties , that vary in stiffness , <unk> and color , <unk> the pressure points in the human body .
Their surface , as in nature , varies its functionality by addition to another material or another assembly , but continuously continuously and delicately for material property .
But is the ideal nature ?
Is there no parts in nature ?
I was not raised in a religious Jewish home , but when I was a young man , my grandmother told me about the Hebrew Bible stories , and one of them were stuck and came to define a lot of what I care about .
Like she says , `` On the third day of the Creation , God sends the Earth to grow a <unk> tree . ''
For that first <unk> tree , there would be no difference between trunk , branches and sheets and fruits .
The whole tree was a fruit .
Instead , the land did grow trees with branches , bark , stems and flowers .
The Earth created a world made of parts .
I often ask , `` What would be design if the objects were done from one piece ?
Do you take a better state of creation ? ''
So we looked for the biblical material , the kind of material material , the tree 's material , and we found it .
The second most abundant <unk> on the planet is called <unk> , and about 100 million tons are produced every year by organisms , crabs , scorpions and butterflies .
We think that if we could tune in to tune your properties , we could generate structures in one piece .
So that 's what we did .
We call it legal <unk> . We do a lot of shrimp husks , the <unk> and produced <unk> paste .
We had chemical concentrations , we 've been able to achieve a broad range of properties , from dark , hard and opaque , and soft , soft and transparent .
To print the large-scale structures , it built a system with multiple <unk> nozzles .
The robot could change the properties of the material on the march and create these structures made of one material three feet long , 100 percent recyclable .
When the pieces are ready , you dry them down to find a natural form of contact with the air .
So why do we keep designing with plastic ?
The air bubbles that were a byproduct of the printing process was used to contain microorganisms <unk> that first showed on the planet three billion years ago , like we heard yesterday .
Together with our collaborators at Harvard and MIT , <unk> bacteria designed to genetically capture carbon from the atmosphere and turn it into sugar .
For the first time , we 've been able to generate structures that make their transition without <unk> <unk> , and if it extends even more , to windows .
A <unk> tree .
Working with an ancient material , one of the first forms of life on the planet , with abundant water and a little bit of synthetic biology , we 've transformed a structure of shrimp husks into an architecture that behaves like a tree .
And here 's the best part : for <unk> objects , put in the sea , <unk> marine life , and placed on the ground , they will grow a tree .
The fit for our next treatment using the same design principles was the solar system .
We 're looking for the possibility of creating clothes to maintain the life for <unk> journeys .
To do that , we must dominate the bacteria and control their flow .
So as the periodic table , we did our own table of elements : new forms of life created <unk> , made of additive form and biological form .
I like to think of synthetic biology as the genetics of liquid alchemy , only instead of <unk> precious metals , new biological functionalities within very small channels .
This field is called a microfluidics .
We had our own 3D channels to control the flow of these liquid bacterial crops .
In our first piece of clothes , they combined two microorganisms .
The first is <unk> .
It lives in our oceans and in the freshwater ponds .
And the second , E. coli , the bacteria that lived in the human intestine .
One turns the light into sugar , the other consumes sugar and it produces useful biofuels for the built environment .
But these two microorganisms did not interact in nature .
In fact , they never met .
They are here , designed for the first time , to have a relationship in a piece of clothing .
Think of it as evolution , not by natural selection , but evolution by design .
In order to contain these relationships , we created a single channel that resembles the digestive tract , which will help you flow these bacteria and that they will interact with their function .
So we began to grow those channels in the human body , we 're using the properties of material as we wanted it .
If we wanted more photosynthesis , if we wanted more photosynthesis , they 're more transparent channels .
This portable digestive system , when they stretch from one end to another , is 60 meters .
This is half the length of a football field , and 10 times more than our intestine .
And here it is , as I 'm going at TED , our first laptop , <unk> liquid channels with life inside clothes .
Thank you .
Mary Shelley said , `` We 're last fashion creatures , only half is made . ''
What if design would provide the other half ?
What if we could create structures that increases living matter ?
What if we could create an individual <unk> that <unk> our skin , except for our damaged tissue and share our bodies ?
Think of this as a way of editing biology .
I call this the material ecology .
For that , you always have to go back to nature .
So now you know that a 3D printer prints material into layers .
You also know that nature does n't do that .
It grows . They 're engaging with sophistication .
This cocoon of the worm , for example , creates a highly sophisticated architecture , a home within which they 're <unk> .
Extreme manufacturing is about this level of sophistication .
It makes it through the combination of two materials , but two proteins at different concentrations .
It acts as a structure , the other is the glue or the matrix , uniting those fibers .
And this happens across scales .
The silk worm first turns into the environment , creates a structure of tension , and then it starts pouring in a cocoon of compression .
<unk> and compression , the two forces of life , they appear in a single material .
In order to understand better how this complex process works , we attach a small magnet to the head of a silk worm , to the spinneret .
We put it inside a box with magnetic sensors , and that allowed us to create this cloud of points in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of the cocoon of silk worm .
However , by putting the silk worm into a flat patch , not within a box , we realized that you have a flat cocoon and still <unk> safely .
So we started designing different environments , different scaffolding , and we 've discovered that the shape , the structure of cocoon , will be transmitted directly by the environment .
Often , the maggots in silk , to the death of their cocoons , their silk gets checked and used in the textile industry .
We saw that designing these templates , we could shape the raw silk without boiling a cocoon .
It <unk> safely , and we could create these things .
So we climbed this process to the architectural scale .
We had a robot we 're doing by doing silk templates , and we put ourselves on our site .
We knew that silk worms are going to grow to darker , cold areas , so we use a solar route diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat in our structure .
So we create holes or <unk> , to block the rays of light and heat , distributing the silk worms on the structure .
We were ready to receive the caterpillars .
We 're making a lot of these silk worms to an silk farm online .
And after we were to feed them four weeks , they were prepared for us .
We put them carefully down on the bottom of the scaffolding , and while they were <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , and life begins again , like us , but much , much shorter .
Bucky said that tension is the great integrity , and he was right .
So , when we 're biological silk on the <unk> silk , they give all this pavilion that 's the integrity of it .
And in a little more than two or three weeks , two <unk> of <unk> silk .
In a curious symmetry , this is also the length of the silk route .
<unk> , after the <unk> , produce 1.5 million eggs .
This could be used for 250 extra pavilions in the future .
So here are the two visions of the world here .
A silk <unk> through a robotic arm , the other <unk> .
If the last frontier of design is to give the products and the buildings around us , to form an ecology of two materials , designers must bring these two visions of the world together .
Which brings us back , of course , at the beginning .
Here is a new era of design , a new era of creation , which takes us from a inspired design of nature to a nature inspired , which requires us , for the first time , that we 're taking care of nature .
Thank you .
Thank you very much . Thank you .
Raise your hand if you 've ever asked them , `` What do you want to be ? ''
If you had to remember what age they were when they asked them for the first time ?
You can <unk> them with your fingers .
Three . Five . Three . Five . Five .
Now raise your hand if the question `` What do you want to be ? ''
They have caused some kind of anxiety .
Any anxiety .
I 'm somebody who never could answer the question `` What do you want to be ? ''
The problem was not that I had any interest , but I had too many .
In school , I liked the English , <unk> and art and started websites . Furthermore , he was playing the guitar in a punk band called <unk> <unk> .
Maybe you 've heard about us .
And I generally like to try and persist anyway , and have dedicated a lot of time and energy and sometimes money in this field .
But over time this sense of boredom , this feeling of <unk> , this is no longer a challenge , it comes to <unk> .
And I have to leave it .
But then I met with something else , something totally different , and I got myself on it , and I 'm going to be <unk> , and I feel like , `` Yes ! I found my way , '' and then again this point where I start <unk> .
And finally , I want to leave it .
But then I 'd like to discover something new and different , and I 'd like to go into that .
This pattern caused me so much anxiety , for two reasons .
The first one was because I was n't sure how I was going to turn this whole thing into a career .
I thought I had to choose one thing , deny all of my other passions , and <unk> <unk> .
Another reason why I had so much anxiety was a little bit more personal .
I worried that there was something wrong with this , and something wrong with me for nothing .
I was worried to be afraid of engagement , or being dispersed , or <unk> or my own success .
If you can relate to my story and these feelings , I 'd like to ask you something I 'd like to ask you to ask you .
Ask yourself , where they learned to allocate the meaning of evil or abnormal to do things .
I 'll tell you where they learned , they learned it from culture .
`` What do you want to be about ? ''
When we have about five years old .
And the truth is that nobody cares about what they 're going to do at that age .
It 's considered a naive question to cause beautiful answers to the kids like , `` being an astronaut , '' or `` being a dancer , '' or `` I want to be pirate . ''
Let 's take the Halloween suit here .
So this question gets us over and over again as we grow many different forms , about it , to graduate students , and they ask them to pick up in college .
And at some point , `` What do you want to be about ? ''
It 's about being the cute exercise before what 's taken us off .
Why ?
If this question inspired kids to dream of what might be , not inspires to dream of everything they might be .
In fact , it does just the opposite , because when someone asks you what you want to be , you ca n't answer with 20 different things , although adults might laugh and say , `` Oh , what 's cute , but you ca n't be a craftsman and a psychologist .
You have to choose . ''
This is Dr. Bob Childs , and he 's a craftsman of violins and <unk> .
And this Amy Ng , he was turning back in <unk> , an entrepreneur and a creative principal .
But most children do n't hear people like this .
Everything you hear is they 're going to have to choose .
But it 's more than that .
The notion of life is <unk> in our culture .
It 's this idea of destiny or the real calling , the idea that each of us has something to be in for their time on this land , and you have to figure out what that thing is , and to dedicate your life to it .
But if you 're somebody who 's not connected in this way ?
What if there are many different subjects that wake up your curiosity and a lot of different things that you want to do ?
There 's no place for someone like one in that frame .
And so you can feel only .
You can feel that you do n't have a goal .
And feel like there 's something wrong with you .
There 's nothing wrong with you .
You 're a <unk> .
A <unk> is someone with many interests and creative activities .
It 's a breath of it to say .
It could help if it divides in three parts : multiple , potential and <unk> .
You can also use the other terms that we 're looking at the same idea , as a scholar , <unk> .
During the age of the Renaissance , the ideal was the one who was okay in multiple disciplines .
Barbara <unk> refers to us as `` scanners . ''
They 're going to give up any term you like or <unk> your own .
It seems like a kind of adapt to a community , we ca n't agree with a single identity .
It 's easy to look at it as limitation or woe you must beat .
But what I 've learned about talking to people and writing about these ideas on my website , is that there 's huge strengths in the way that it is .
Here are three superpowers <unk> .
One : the synthesis of ideas .
I mean , the combination of two or more fields and creating something new at the intersection .
<unk> <unk> and Rachel <unk> expressed his interests in cartography , visualization , mathematics and design , by creating <unk> .
<unk> is a company that creates a geographically drone jewelry .
At <unk> and Rachel had been given this unique idea by its eclectic mixture of skills and experiences .
Innovation is happening at intersections .
That 's where new ideas come from .
And the <unk> , with all their background , can access a lot of these points of these points .
The second superpower <unk> is fast learning .
When we <unk> them into something , we go to it .
We look at everything we can have in our hands .
We 're used to being beginners , because it was a lot of times in the past , and this means we have less afraid to test new things and get out of our comfort zones .
Many skills are <unk> to other disciplines , and we bring everything we 've learned to every new area we pursue , so we rarely start from scratch .
<unk> <unk> is a <unk> and independent writer .
As a young pianist refined an incredible ability to develop muscle memory .
Now , she 's the fastest little fastest .
Before he became a writer , <unk> was a financial planner .
He had to learn the most thin sales mechanics when their practices started , and this ability helps to write causes the editors .
Maybe it 's a waste of time to go to what you 're attracted to , even if they leave it .
It 's possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field , in a way that you could n't have foreseen .
The third superpower <unk> is the adaptability . That is , the ability to transform into anything he needs in a given situation .
Abe <unk> is sometimes director of videos , others , web designer , unlike a Kickstarter , sometimes a teacher , and sometimes , apparently , James Bond .
It 's valuable because it does a good job .
He 's even more valuable because it can take on various roles , depending on the needs of their customers .
<unk> Company defines adaptability as the most important ability for development , to thrive in the 21st century .
The economic world changes so rapidly and <unk> that are the individuals and organizations that can be able to bring the market needs , which we actually thrive .
<unk> of ideas , quickly learning and adaptability : three skills where <unk> are very adept , and three skills that you could lose if you 're pushed to reduce their goals .
As a society , we have a great interest in nurturing them to be themselves .
We have complex problems , multidimensional right now , and we need no conventional creative thinkers in front of them .
Let 's say they are , in your heart , specialists .
They <unk> from belly knowing that they wanted to be pediatric neurosurgeons .
Do n't worry , there 's nothing wrong with you either .
In fact , some of the best teams is up with a specialist and a <unk> <unk> .
<unk> can dive deep and put ideas , and <unk> provides a amplitude of knowledge to the project .
It 's a beautiful relationship .
But we should all design lives and careers that we can do with how we 're connected .
And unfortunately , to <unk> them in large , they were encouraging them to just be more like their specialized partners .
And once said this , if there 's one thing you 're carrying from this talk , I hope it 's this : Let 's be this : <unk> with your internal wiring , whatever .
If you 're a heart specialist , then you 're going through all the media .
That 's where you do the best .
But for the <unk> in the room , including those who you just realized being one of them in the last 12 minutes , I 'm going to tell you , you know , <unk> with their many passions .
Keep in curiosity for those <unk> .
<unk> intersections .
We have our inner wiring takes us to a more authentic life and be happy .
And perhaps most importantly , <unk> , the world needs us !
Thank you .
In the established year , a woman called <unk> led to a psychiatric institution .
<unk> <unk> , and I could n't remember even the most basic details of their life .
His doctor was called <unk> .
<unk> did n't know how to help <unk> , but they were paying for her until , unfortunately , he passed away in 1906 .
After his death , <unk> did an autopsy , and they found strange plates , and he rolls it into the brain of <unk> , of a guy who had never seen before .
The most surprising thing .
If you were to have been alive today , we could n't give it to her more help than the ones that <unk> gave him 114 years ago .
<unk> was Dr. <unk> Alzheimer 's .
And <unk> <unk> , the first patient to receive a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimer 's disease .
Since medicine has moved a lot .
They 've discovered antibiotics and vaccines to protect ourselves from infections , many cancer treatments , drugs for HIV , <unk> for <unk> and much more .
But soon it has moved into Alzheimer 's disease .
I 'm part of a team of scientists who work to find a cure for Alzheimer 's disease for more than a decade .
So I think about this all the time .
Alzheimer 's now affects 40 million around the world .
But by 2050 , it will affect 150 million than , by the way , will include many of you .
If you 're expecting to live up to 85 or more , the possibility for Alzheimer 's will be almost one of two .
In other words , there is the probability of getting their years before Alzheimer 's disease or helping take care of a friend or wanting to get Alzheimer 's disease .
Already in America , Alzheimer 's disease costs 200 billion every year .
One of five dollars of healthcare is spent in Alzheimer 's disease .
It 's the most expensive disease , and its costs required a five-meter increase in the year 2050 , as the generation 's generation ages .
It may surprise you , but Alzheimer 's disease is one of the greatest medical and social challenges of our generation .
But it has been relatively little done to fight it .
Today , one of the top 10 causes of death around the world , Alzheimer 's disease is the only one that you ca n't prevent , to cure or even slow their development .
We understand less than Alzheimer 's disease , because we have invested less time and money in the investigation of the same .
The U.S. government spends 10 times more every year in cancer research , despite the fact that it costs us more Alzheimer 's disease , and causes a single annual number of deaths like cancer .
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause : the lack of consciousness .
Because this is what people know , but everybody should : Alzheimer 's is a disease , and we can treat it .
For most of the last 114 years , everyone , even scientists , confused Alzheimer 's disease .
We think that will be <unk> in a normal , inevitable part of aging .
But there 's only looking at a picture of a healthy healthy brain in comparison with one patient 's patient to see the real physical damage caused by this disease .
Also to trigger a severe loss of memory and mental skills , the damage to the brain caused Alzheimer 's reduces as significantly as life expectancy is always fatal .
Remember , Dr. Alzheimer 's found plates and bizarre lectures in the <unk> brain , a century ago .
For almost a century , we did n't know much about this .
Today we know they 're made of protein molecules .
You can think of a protein molecule like a piece of paper that folds up like an origami .
There are places on the paper that are sticky .
And when it gets good , these sticky dots end up inside .
But sometimes things go wrong , and some sticky dots left outside .
This makes the protein molecules <unk> each other , forming groups that can form big plates and filter it .
That 's what we see in the brain of Alzheimer 's disease .
We 've spent the last 10 years at the University of Cambridge trying to understand how this dysfunction works .
There 's a lot of steps , and there 's a identification which step block is complex , like defuse a bomb .
You could get a wire on it .
You can get the bomb explode .
You have to find the right step that does it , and then create a drug that does it .
Until recently , most of them have dropped the cables and the best expected .
But now there 's a diverse group of people , doctors , biologists , geneticists , chemistry , physicists , engineers and mathematicians .
And together , we 've been able to identify a critical step in the process . We 're testing a new kind of drugs that were blocking specifically to stop this disease .
I 'll show you some of our latest results .
Nobody outside our lab has seen it yet .
Let 's see a few videos from what happened when we tested these worms .
These are the healthy worms , and you can see that they move with normal .
These worms , on the other hand , have protein molecules that they stick with each other inside of them , as in humans with Alzheimer 's disease .
And you can see that they are clearly sick .
But by giving our new drugs to these worms at an early stage , then we see it heal and live a normal life .
This is just a positive result , but research like this shows that Alzheimer 's disease is a disease that we can understand and cure .
After 114 years of waiting , there is real hope of what can be achieved in the next 10 or 20 years .
But in order to grow that hope , to beat Alzheimer 's , we need help .
It 's not about scientists like me , it 's about you .
We 've got to think that Alzheimer 's disease is a disease , and that if we try , we can <unk> it .
In the case of other diseases , patients and their families have got more research , and they have pressure on governments , pharmaceutical industry , about scientists and legislators .
That was essential to progress in HIV at the late 1980s .
Today we see that same unit to defeat cancer .
But Alzheimer 's patients ca n't often talk for themselves .
And their families , the hidden victims , caregivers in their loved ones day and night , they 're often too likely to go out and advocate for change .
So , it really depends on you .
Alzheimer 's not , in most cases a genetic disease .
Everybody with a brain runs the risk .
Today , there are 40 million patients like <unk> , which can not create the change they need for themselves .
They 're talking about them , and help demand a cure .
Thank you .
I posted this article in the spinal ward of Modern New York Times in January of this year .
To fall in love with somebody , do this .
This article is about a psychological study , designed to create romantic love in the lab , and from my own experience when I test it , I just last summer in the past summer .
So , the procedure is pretty simple : two strangers are stuck to get 36 increasingly personal questions and then both look at your eyes without talking for four minutes .
Here 's a couple of questions here .
Number 12 : If you could wake up tomorrow with a quality or skill , what would it be ?
Number 28 : When was the last time you ever hit another person ?
And only ?
<unk> , and these are increasingly personal .
Number 30 : -- I really like -- Tell your partner what you enjoy it or she -- I know very honest about this time , and I gave things that you do n't say to somebody you have n't known .
When I first came across this study a few years ago , a detail really struck me , this <unk> that two of the participants had married six months later and invited all of the lab to the ceremony .
So , I was skeptical about this process of making romantic love , but , of course , I was also intrigued .
And when I had the occasion to test this study , with somebody I knew not particularly very well , I did n't expect to fall .
However , we fell in love with , and I thought it was a good story , so I was sent to the column that I was born a few months later .
That was published in January , and now it 's already August , so I guess some of you are probably wondering : Are they still ?
And the reason I think they question this is because I 've done this question over and over again in the last seven months .
And this question is just what I want to talk about today .
But let 's go back to the subject .
A week before the paper was published .
I had been working on a romantic book in the last few years , so I had <unk> to write about my experience in romantic love on my blog .
But a blog entrance can reach a few hundred views like a lot , and those were usually just from my friends on Facebook and I imagined that my article in the New York Times would probably reach a few thousand views .
And that took a good load of attention to a relatively new relationship .
But as he did , I had no idea .
The article was released on a Friday night , and on Saturday , this happened in my blog .
And Sunday , I 've already been called `` Today Show '' and `` Good <unk> America . ''
In a month , the article got over eight million hits , and I was , by saying something , <unk> for this kind of attention .
One thing is foster trust writing with sincerity , but another thing is to discover that love lives of an international news has been international news , and people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship .
And when people called or write , what they did every day for weeks , always , they did first the same question : still still ?
In fact , when I was preparing this talk , I did a quick quest in my email 's mailbox with the phrase , `` still follow ? ''
And several messages came up immediately .
They were students and students and strangers like this .
I was interviewed on the radio and they asked him .
Even , I gave a talk , and a woman screamed at the stage , `` Hey ? Where is your boyfriend ? ''
And I immediately put red .
I understand that this is part of the deal .
If you write about your relationship in an international journal , you should expect people to feel comfortable asking about it .
But I was not prepared for the wingspan of the answer .
36 questions seemed to have experienced their own life .
In fact , the New York Times published a complementary article for Valentine 's experiences that included readers experiences when we test the study in them with different degrees of success .
So , my first impulse to all this attention was to be very reserved with my own relationship .
I said not to every request that we both made a public emergence together .
He <unk> television interviews , and he refused to make pictures of us two .
I think I was afraid of becoming the <unk> icons of the <unk> process -- a range that I did n't feel at all qualified .
And I understand that people did n't want to know only if the study worked , they wanted to know if it really worked : I mean , if it was able to make love love , not just a adventure , but it was real love , <unk> love .
But this was a question I did n't feel able to answer .
My relationship had just a few months , and I felt , especially , people posed the wrong question .
How do we know if we would go together or not , and also tell them ?
If the answer was not , would you make the experience of doing these 36 questions less interesting ?
Dr. Arthur Aron wrote first about these questions in this same study in 1997 , and there , the research goal was not to produce romantic love .
Instead , I was looking for interpersonal approach encouraging interpersonal students to graduate students , using what Aron <unk> <unk> <unk> , progressive and reciprocal .
Sounds romantic , right ?
But the study did work .
The participants were closer after doing it . Several later studies used the <unk> protocol of Aron as a rapid way of creating trust and interaction between strangers .
They 've used it among members of the police and community members , and they used it among people of opposite political ideologies .
The original version of the story , which I tried last summer , which combine personal questions with four minutes of visual contact , was cited in this article , but unfortunately never published .
A few months ago , I was giving a talk in a little liberal arts university , and then a student came up to me and said with shyness : I tried the studio and did n't work .
He looked puzzled by it .
And I mean , you want to say that you would get rid of the person who you did it ?
Well he paused .
I think she wants to be friends .
And I said , but became better friends ?
Did you feel so much better after testing the study ?
The nodded .
So , it worked , '' I said .
Yet I do n't think that was the answer that he was looking for .
In fact , I do n't think it 's the answer that none of you are looking for when it comes to love .
I came across the studio for the first time when I was 29 , and I was 29 , and it was a really difficult separation .
I had had that relationship since I was 20 , which was not much of my adult life , and he was my first real love , and I had no idea how or if I could live without it .
So I took a photograph of science .
I did n't do everything I could find about the science of romantic love , and I hoped that that could sort of <unk> your heart .
I do n't know if I realized this at the time , I thought I just did this for the book that I wrote , but in hindsight , it seems really obvious .
I thought if I built up with the knowledge of romantic love , I would never have to feel as bad as I felt like I felt .
And all this knowledge has been useful in one way or another .
I 'm more patient . I 'm more relaxed .
I have more confidence to demand what I 'm looking for .
But I can also see me more clearly , and I can realize that what I 'm looking for is sometimes more than reasonably demand to demand me .
What I 'm looking for for love is a warranty , not only to be loved today and to be loved tomorrow , but to remain loved for the person I love .
It may be the warranty thing that people asked when they wanted to know if we were still together .
The story that the media told you about 36 questions is that there can be a shortcut to fall in love .
There may be a way to mitigate something like implicit risk , and this is a very appealing story , because they fall in love with us to feel wonderfully , but it 's also terrifying .
But I think when it comes to love , we are very willing to accept the short version of the story .
The story of the story asks : still follow ?
And its content with a <unk> response .
So more than a question , I would propose we do more difficult questions , questions like , how do you decide who deserves your love and who does n't ?
How do we stay in love when things get tough , and how do you know when to cut and distance ?
How do you live with uncertainty that inevitably leads to a relationship , or even more , how do you live with the doubt of your partner ?
I do n't necessarily know the answers to these questions , but I think they 're a good start to have a more reflective conversation about what it means to love someone .
So , if you want the short version of my relationship , it 's this -- a year ago , a year ago , a year ago , and we applied a study designed to create romantic love , we fall in love with , still , and I 'm very happy .
But in love is not the same thing to remain in love .
<unk> is the easy part .
So at the end of my paper I wrote : `` Love did n't happen .
We fell in love because we take the choice of being .
And I shudder a little bit about reading it now , not because I 'm not true , but because at the time , I had n't considered anything that was supposed to be meant .
I did n't think so many times we would have to make that decision , and how many times will have to keep doing that choice without knowing before if he always had a choice or not .
I want you to be done and say 36 questions , having chosen to love someone so generous , gentle and fun and have expressed that choice in the largest newspaper in the United States .
But what I 've done , instead , is to turn my relationship into the kind of myth I do n't really believe .
And what I 'm looking for , and what I 'll maybe spend my life looking for is that that myth is true .
I want the happy ending implicit in the title of my article , which is , by the way , the only part of the paper I did n't actually write .
But what I have instead is the opportunity to choose to love someone , and the hope that he would also love me , and it 's terrifying , but that 's the deal with love .
Thank you .
I was raised by a lesbian in full mountain , and in a way I became like a <unk> of the forest .
New York City a time ago , which really affected me , but more details later on .
I 'm going to start with when I was eight years old .
I took a wooden box , and I 'll give you a dollar bill , a pen and a fork in it somewhere in Colorado .
And I thought that some strange minute or some aliens would find this box about 500 years later and <unk> how our species had an idea , for example how we eat spaghetti .
I had no idea .
So anyway , it has grace , because here I am , 30 years later , and I 'm still making boxes .
At one point I was in Hawaii -- I like to go out of a tour and surf and all those weird things -- and I was doing a collage for my mother .
And I took a dictionary , and I took it all over the pages , and I did a sort of <unk> <unk> , and Agnes Martin , the resin covered and a bee stuck .
Well , my mother is afraid of bees and it 's <unk> to them , so I added more resin on the canvas , thinking I could make it <unk> .
Instead , the opposite happened : somehow it seemed to increase in size , as if it was that we get text with a magnifying glass .
So I did ? I built more boxes .
This time , I began to add electronic elements , frogs , weird bottles that I was finding on the street , all I could find , because I was looking for things all my life , trying to relate it to and tell stories about these objects .
So I started drawing around the objects , and I realized that my God can draw in space .
I can make <unk> , drawing just like a carcass of the crime scene .
And I took the objects , and I created my own taxonomy of specimens being invented .
First of all , the botanical thing that you can do an idea .
Then I made some insects and weird creatures .
It was very much fun to draw in the resin .
And it was great , because I started building exhibitions and those things , and I was making some money , and I was making my girlfriend for dinner , for example , going to <unk> .
It was great , man .
At some point I became interested in human form , <unk> <unk> sculptures with human beings with human beings in the layers .
It was great , except for one thing : I was dying .
I did n't know what to do , because the resin was going to kill me .
And I went to bed every night thinking about it .
So I tried to use glass .
I started drawing on the glass layers , similar to the drawing in a window , then in another window , and another window , and he had all these windows together that create a three-dimensional composition .
And this really worked , and so I could stop using the resin .
So I did this for years , and my work , I have something very big , that I call `` triptych . ''
For the triptych , I was very inspired by `` The Garden of delight , '' of Hieronymus Bosch that is a painting at the <unk> Museum in Spain .
Do you know ?
Well , it 's a fantastic picture .
They say it 's a little bit ahead of your time .
Well , the theme . You know this piece .
It weighs 11,000 pounds .
Five feet long .
It 's got double , so it 's 10 meters of composition .
It 's a little bit weird .
Well , that 's the source of blood .
On the left , it 's Jesus and lobsters .
There 's a cave where all these creatures with animal heads travel between two worlds .
They 're coming from the world of representation , this sort of analog mesh underworld where they hide .
This is where the creatures with animals are headed by <unk> , lists for <unk> mass in the ocean .
The ocean is comprised of thousands of elements .
This is a bird god tied to a <unk> .
Billy Graham is in the sea ; the coat <unk> platform of <unk> <unk> , the refuge of Osama Bin Laden , there are all kinds of weird things that you can find if you look very well in the ocean .
Anyway , also a kind of <unk> .
It 's coming out of the ocean , and it spits out oil in a hand while the other hand leaves clouds .
Their hands are like <unk> , and it seems like a mythological thing to maintain Earth and the cosmos in equilibrium .
So it 's a aspect of the triptych .
It 's a little narrative .
That 's the hand that spits out .
And then , when you go to the other side , you have a proboscis , like a bird 's peak , and spits out clouds of this proboscis .
It also has a 500 feet long , a snake tail that binds the triptych .
Anyway , his tail turn fire into a volcano .
I do n't know why it happened .
Things that go , you know .
Its tail ends in an eyeball of <unk> <unk> cards .
Did you see them ?
It was done in the 1980s , as if they were baseball cards of the terrorists .
It takes my time . This brings me to my last project .
I 'm in the middle of two projects : One is called `` <unk> . ''
This is a six-year-old project to do 100 of these human beings .
Each one is an archive of our culture , through media and material being encyclopedias , dictionaries or magazines .
But each act acts as a kind of an archive in a way of being human , and they travel in groups of 20 , four or 12 at the same time .
They 're like cells , they fall apart .
And you can walk between them . It 's taking me years .
Each one is basically a <unk> microscope that weighs 1.3 pounds with a human being caught inside .
This has a little cave in the chest .
That 's the head ; it 's your chest , you can break it down .
I 'm going to play you for the rest of the body : there 's a waterfall coming out of the chest , and it covers the penis or <unk> , or whatever you have , a kind of <unk> thing .
It 's a quick refresher for these works because I ca n't hold it for a long time .
We have layers , you can see .
This is a game by half .
This has two heads , and you 're communicating with each other .
There are some pills that go out and come into the head of this strange statue .
There 's a little forest scene inside the ribcage .
Can you see it ?
Anyway , this talk is about these boxes , just like the boxes we live in .
We 're in a box , the solar system is a box .
This brings me to my last box .
It 's a brick box . It 's called Pioneer Pioneer .
In this box there is a physicist , a neuroscientist , a musician , a musician , a musician , a <unk> , a museum , a school , a school , a school arm that spreads all the content we make in the world , and a garden .
You put the box , and all the people in it gets into each other as particles .
And I think that 's the way to change the world .
When you redefines who 's and the box that he 's living in .
And together we got to realize that we 're all together in this , which is this illusion that we 're different , these concepts of countries , from borders , of religion , does n't work .
We 're all very important in the same matter and in the same box .
And if we do n't start trading those things with sweetness , and they 're all going to die very soon .
Thank you very much .
What do they do when it hurts your head ?
They take aspirin .
But so that this pill has an effect on pain , first passes through the stomach , the intestines and other organs .
So I 'll take a pill is the most effective and <unk> system for any drug that 's actually made in the body .
The downside , though , is that by <unk> any medication , it gets diluted out .
And this is a big problem , especially in patients with HIV .
When they take antiretroviral drugs , these are <unk> to decrease the amount of viruses in the blood , and increase the count of <unk> cells .
But they 're also known for their adverse side effects , mostly negative , because in the time that it takes to get to your blood stream , they 're <unk> , and worse even for the time they take to their destination , which is where it 's more important : in the HIV store .
These are regions of the body like the lymph nodes , the nervous system , the lungs , where the virus is dead and does n't easily go into the bloodstream of patients who are going to regulate drug medications .
However , after the disruption of the treatment , the virus can wake up and infect new blood cells .
This is the great problem of HIV treatment with today 's drugs that is a treatment for life for life run by oral .
One day , I sat down and I thought , `` Could we get the treatment directly to the warehouse tank , without the risk of dilution ? ''
As a scientific expert in lasers , the answer was in front of me : lasers , of course .
If you use dentistry , for <unk> care and diabetes 's surgery , they can be used for anything imaginable , including transportation transportation of drugs .
In fact , we 're already using pulses of laser to open up or drill extremely small holes , opening and closing , almost immediately infected with HIV to introduce drugs .
You say , `` How is that possible ? ''
We sent a little <unk> laser on the cellular membrane infected by HIV while these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains the drug .
The laser goes through the cell , whereas the cell absorbs the drug on microseconds .
Before realizing the hole , the hole is <unk> immediately .
We 're testing this technology in vitro technology or in dishes , but the goal is to bring this technology into the human body , apply it to the human body .
`` How is that possible ? '' You can ask .
Well , the answer is , through a <unk> device .
With the first head , which is our laser , we will make an incision on the infection .
The second head , which is a camera , is going to the site of the infection .
Finally , the third head , a <unk> that is distributed , it releases it directly into the infection , whereas the laser is used again to keep open cells .
Well , this does n't seem a lot of time .
But one day , if you succeed , this technology can lead to the total HIV eradication of the body .
Yes . A cure for HIV .
This is the dream of all HIV research -- in our case , a laser treatment .
Thank you .
In the last decade , I 've been studying with non-governmental Congolese groups : armed organizations as terrorists , insurgents or militia .
You know what these groups are doing when they 're not shooting .
My goal is to understand a better understanding of these generators agents and study ways to encourage the transition from violent participation to the nonviolent confrontation .
I do work work , in the world of politics and in the library .
Understanding groups is key to solving almost every conflict in course , because the war has changed .
I used to be a dispute between states .
No .
It 's now a conflict between states and non-governmental actors .
For example , from the <unk> Afghan peace agreements , and 2011 , <unk> were signed between a state and a non-governmental actor .
That 's why we have to understand these groups -- we even have to engage them or address them in any successful conflict resolution process .
But how do we do that ?
We need to know what motivates these organizations .
We know so well the reasons why they fight , how they do it , but nobody looks at what they do when they do n't fight .
The armed struggle and politics are not age-related .
It 's all part of the same organization .
We ca n't understand these groups , not much less <unk> , without a global view .
Today 's armed groups are complex organizations .
For example , Lebanese , Lebanese , known for their violent embargo against Israel .
From its creation in the 1980s , <unk> has also established a political party , a network of social services and a military framework .
Similarly , the Palestinian Hamas , known for their suicide attacks , also runs the Gaza Strip since 2007 .
So these groups make more than just shooting .
They 're multitasking .
We 're going to make a complex machinery of communication : radio stations , television stations , television websites , Internet websites .
And here you have the ISIS magazine , print in English and published to recruit .
<unk> groups are also investing in a complex fundraising fundraising fundraising set , but through profitable businesses , for example , construction companies .
These activities are key .
They allow these groups to increase their strength , increase their funds , to recruit better and build their brand .
The armed groups also do something else : they create stronger ties with their population investing in social services .
They build schools , they run hospitals , they run their hospitals , they 're putting professional training programs .
<unk> offers all of these services and more .
<unk> groups are also trying to conquer the population offering something that the state does n't provide , security and protection .
The rise of the Taliban in an torn by the war , or even the beginning of ISIS growth , can also understand the efforts of these groups to provide security .
Unfortunately , in these cases , security has an elevated hips for the population .
But in general , providing social services means filling a vacuum , a <unk> gap , and allows these groups to strengthen and increase their power .
For example , the electoral victory of 2006 ca n't be understood without recognizing the social job of the group .
It 's a really complex scenario , even in the West , when we look at the armed groups , we just think about the violent side .
But that 's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups , the strategy or the long-term vision .
These groups are hybrid .
They grow in because they fill in the government gaps , and they emerge as armed and political groups , participating in violent struggle and provide governance .
And the more complex the more sophisticated and sophisticated organizations are these organizations , we can least be able to make it as opposed to a state .
How do I call a group like <unk> ?
It was part of a territory , running all of their functions , collect the trash , run the sewer system .
Is it a state ? Is it a rebel group ?
Or maybe it 's something else , something new and different .
And what is ISIS ?
The lines will be crushed .
We live in a world of states , with no state and hybrids , and the weaker they are the states , as in the Middle East , more coming in , and they fill that gap by non-governmental actors .
This is important for governments , because to counter these groups , they will have to invest more on military tools .
It 's going to be that government gap has to be at the center of any sustainable approach .
This is very important to establish and putting peace together .
If we understand better than armed groups , we will better understand what incentives to offer for the transition from violence to violence .
In this new dispute between states and actors , military power can win some battles , but we will not give us peace or stability .
To achieve these goals , we need long-term investments to fill that gap of security , to fill that government gap that allowed these groups will thrive in a principle .
Thank you .
I 'm a failure as a woman , as a woman .
My opinions about gender equality are <unk> , but I 'm afraid to accept the feminist label , '' it would be unfair for feminist .
I 'm a feminist , but pretty bad .
And therefore , I 'd be struck by a bad feminist .
Or at least I wrote an article , and a book called `` The bad feminist , '' and then in the interviews , people started calling me <unk> <unk> .
So what started as a personal joke meant to myself and a deliberate provocation , it 's become something bigger .
Let me step back .
When I was a young man , especially in my youth , and at the age of 20 , I had weird ideas about the feminist , these women <unk> , hearing them with men and hated sex . Like that was bad .
Today , I see how women treat women all over the world and anger , in particular , seems to be a perfectly reasonable answer .
But at the time , I was worried about the tone that was using people to imply that I could be a feminist .
Being labeled as a feminist was an accusation , a taboo , unpleasant word .
I 'd be struck as a woman who does n't follow the rules , who ask too much , with high self-esteem and dare to believe it 's equal to a man .
Nobody wants to be that rebel woman , until you realize that it 's actually that woman and ca n't imagine being another person .
Over time , as I grew up , I started accepting that I am , in fact , a feminist , and also , proud of it .
For me , certain claims are <unk> : women are equal to men .
You know the same pay for the same job .
We have a right to travel around the world as <unk> , free or violence .
We have right to use it in a easy way and accessible your contraceptives and reproductive services .
We have the right to decide on our bodies , no need for legislative controls or doctrines .
We have the right to respect .
There 's more .
When you talk about the needs of women , you have to figure out our other identities .
We 're not just women .
We are people with a different body , expression of gender , religion and sexuality , social condition and skills .
We have to figure out these differences and how they affect us , the same way that matters what we have in common .
Without this kind of inclusion , our feminism is nothing .
For me , these truths are evident , but to be clear : I 'm a disaster .
I 'm full of contradictions .
There 's a lot of things that make me a bad feminist .
I have another confession .
When I drive to work , I listen to rap music to all volume .
Although the letter degrades the women , and he offends me deeply , the classic `` Salt <unk> '' is incredible .
`` Do it happen with your wet t-shirt .
<unk> , give it , <unk> until you hurt the shell ! ''
Think about it .
<unk> poetry , right ?
I 'm totally mortified for my musical tastes .
I firmly believe in man 's work , which is everything I do n't want to do , including -- all household tasks , but killing insects , the junk collection , the <unk> and the maintenance of <unk> .
I do n't want to have anything to do with that .
The rose is my favorite color .
I love fashion magazines and beautiful things .
I can see `` The <unk> '' and the romantic comedies , and I have some of the absurd stories of <unk> of <unk> .
Some of my crimes are more <unk> .
If a woman wants to adopt her husband 's name , it 's his choice , and I 'm not a person to judge .
If a woman decides to stay home to raise her children , I accept that choice , too .
The problem is not that it becomes vulnerable to the same choice , the problem is that our society is <unk> so that it makes women economically vulnerable when they choose .
We fix this problem .
<unk> my conventional feminism thing , and it 's ignored the needs of color women , and the workers and gay and transgendered women , favor of white , heterosexual women , middle class and high .
Listen , if that 's good feminism is a very bad feminist .
Also the following : as a feminist , I feel a lot of pressure .
We have this tendency to put highlighted feminist on a pedestal .
We hope it will be seamlessly .
When we were <unk> , we retired them with a lot of taste from the same pedestal where we put them .
As I said , I 'm a disaster ; I 'm just like that pedestal , before I try to put me there .
Too many women , particularly the innovative people and the leaders of the sector , are afraid to be tagged as feminist .
They 're afraid to stand up and say , `` Yes , I 'm a feminist , '' by fear of what that tag means , fear of not being able to meet the little realistic expectations .
Take for example to <unk> , or as I call it , the Goddess .
In the last few years , it 's a <unk> feminist .
<unk> Music <unk> , on MTV , acted in front of the <unk> feminist word .
It was a wonderful show , look at this pop star embracing feminism and making women and young men who will be a feminist is something to be proud of .
<unk> the time , cultural critics started arguments if they were <unk> , or not the feminist .
<unk> his feminism , instead of just believing the word of an adult and mature woman .
<unk> perfection in feminist , because we 're still fighting very much , we want a lot , we need so damned freaking out .
We go much beyond the sensible criticism and constructive , and so constructive , to get the feminism of any woman , tear it down until it 's nothing left .
We do n't need to do that .
Bad feminism , or rather , a more inclusive feminism is the point of starting .
But what happens next ?
We move from recognizing our flaws , going to the action and be a little bit more courageous .
If I listen to pop music , I 'm creating a demand for artists who would be happier to provide an unlimited supply .
And these artists would n't change their way to speak about women in their songs until we lay the change affecting their profits .
It 's certainly hard .
Why does it have their music that will be so stubborn ?
It 's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worse choice .
But when the bad decisions is justify that it 's more difficult for women to achieve equality , the equality we all deserve and it is our responsibility .
I think of my nieces , three and four years old .
They 're two great , wonderful , brilliant girls , and also very brave .
You know , you know , the strong creatures are .
I think of them , all of a sudden , the best choice is only a lot easier to do .
We can all make better decisions .
We can change the channel when a television show is about sexual violence against women as a sport , <unk> the Game of <unk> .
We can change the radius of radio when we hear songs like nothing .
We can spend our money to go to the movies elsewhere when movies do n't treat women than decorative objects .
We can stop supporting the professional sports where athletes treat their companions as boxing .
In any case , men , especially white men can say , `` No , I 'm not going to publish in your journal , to participate in your project , or work with you , until you do n't include a number of women , so much to participate as to make decisions .
I 'm not going to work with you until your publication , or your organization is more inclusive with a wider range of people . ''
Those of us who are <unk> , but invited to participate in these kinds of projects , we can also inspire them to be even more like us as being welcome to overcome the barriers to the decision themselves .
Since we 're not <unk> <unk> , without taking these positions , our accomplishments is going to mean very little .
We can make these small acts of courage and hope our decisions will come to the top , people in the power directors and the music , CEOs , CEOs , the legislators , the people who can make big decisions , more courageous , to create a lasting change .
We can also tell our feminism , good , bad , or whatever .
The last line of my book `` <unk> <unk> , '' says , `` Would you rather be a bad feminist unless I do n't do it at all . ''
This is true because of many reasons , but I say , especially , because my voice was stolen , my voice was stolen , and feminism was helped me .
There was an incident .
I call it the incident in front of what happened .
A few kids would tell me when I was very young , and I did n't know that kids can do this to a girl .
They treated me as if it was nothing .
I started believing it was nothing .
I put my voice , and after all I did n't dare believe I could say something that might matter .
But I was writing .
And I went back to <unk> .
I 'm going to lie in a stronger version of myself .
I read the words of those women who could understand a story like mine , and the women who looked like me and understood what meant to live in this world if you have the brown skin .
I read the words of women who showed me that it was nothing .
I learned to write like them , and then I learned to write like myself .
I found my voice again , and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure .
Through writing and feminism , I also discovered that if I was a little courageous , another woman might hear me and see me and see that none of us is the world 's nothing that the world tries to tell us we are .
In one hand , I have the power to accomplish anything .
And in the other , I submit the humbling reality that I 'm just a woman .
I 'm a bad feminist , I 'm a good woman , I 'm trying to improve my thinking , what I 'm saying and what I do , without leaving everything that makes me human .
I hope we can all do the same thing .
I hope we can all be a little courageous , when you need a courage .
Right after last year , <unk> children in California had a measles for visit Disneyland or being exposed to someone who had been there .
The virus then went through the border with Canada , infecting more than 100 children in <unk> .
One of the tragic things about this outbreak is that measles that can be fatal for a child with a weakened immune system , is one of the most easily preventable diseases in the world .
There 's an effective vaccine against this for over half a century , but many of the kids involved in the Disneyland outbreak had not been vaccinated , because their parents were afraid of something supposedly supposedly worse : autism .
But a moment , was n't the article that unleashed <unk> about autism and vaccines , disqualified and marked by being a deliberate fraud by the British Medical Journal ?
Do n't believe most intelligent scientists that vaccines cause autism is a stupidity ?
I think most of you know , but millions of parents worldwide remain to be able to be able to support that vaccines put in danger to their children of having autism .
Why ?
Here 's why .
This is a graph of the rising estimates of autism in time .
For most of the 20th century , autism was considered a very rare disease .
The few psychologists and pediatricians who had heard about it , they create a whole career without seeing one case .
For decades , the estimates of prevalence followed so only three or four children per 10,000 .
But then , in the 1990s , the numbers started <unk> .
<unk> fundraising fundraising organizations refer to the autism as an epidemic , as if I could catch up with another child at Disneyland .
What 's going on ?
If you 're not vaccines , what is it ?
If you ask people at the Center for Disease Control , what 's going on , they tend to be based on phrases like `` criteria of diagnosis flourish , '' and `` better detection of cases '' to explain these growing numbers .
But that kind of language does n't really dissipate the fears of a young mother who 's looking for the face of his two-year-old contact , the visual contact .
If the diagnostic criteria had to scale , why were they so close to the beginning ?
Why were the cases of autism so hard to find before the 1990s ?
Five years ago , I decided to figure out the answers to these questions .
I learned that what happened has less to do with slow progress and the cautious of the science that with the <unk> power of storytelling .
For most of the 20th century , doctors told the story about what autism is and how it was discovered , but that story turned out to be false , and the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact on global public health .
There was a second more accurate story of autism that had been lost and forgotten in the dark corners of the clinical literature .
This second story tells us all about how we get here and where we need to go .
The first story starts with a child psychiatrist , Leo <unk> , at Johns Hopkins Hospital , in spite , <unk> published an article that describes 11 young patients who looked like they were private worlds , attached to people around them , even their own parents .
They could have fun for hours by shaking their hands in front of their faces , but they were gripped by <unk> as when they did n't put their favorite toy in their usual place without knowing them .
On the basis of the patients treated in their clinic , <unk> <unk> that autism is very rare .
For the 1950s , as the main authority of the world in the subject , he stated that I had seen less than 150 true cases of their syndrome as they pick up references to places as far as South Africa .
This is actually not surprising , because the criteria for the diagnosis of autism were very <unk> .
For example , we will give that diagnosis to children with seizures , but now we know that epilepsy is very common in autism .
I once realized that he had become nine of every 10 children who were sent by other doctors to their office to be autistic without giving them a diagnosis of autism .
<unk> was a smart man , but part of his theories were not <unk> .
<unk> autism as a form of child psychosis , caused by cold , <unk> parents .
So these kids , he said , have kept on a refrigerator that did n't kill .
At the same time , though , I would argue that some of his young patients had special skills that cluster in certain areas like music and mathematics and memory .
One of the children in your clinic could distinguish 18 symphonies , before I turned the two years .
When his mother put one of his favorite records , he correctly said , `` Beethoven . ''
But he had a bad view of these skills , claiming things like kids were just regurgitating out what they had heard their parents , desperate to win their approval .
As a result , autism became a source of shame for families , and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own well , making itself invisible to the world in general .
Now amazingly , it was n't until the 1970s that researchers started testing the <unk> theory that autism was rare .
<unk> <unk> , an cognitive psychologist in London , thought that the theory of <unk> mothers was quite stupid .
She and her husband , John , were warm , <unk> , and they had a deep autistic , called black-eyed Susie .
And John knew how hard it was to raise a girl , like without support services , no special education , and without access to other resources without a diagnosis .
In order to defend at the National <unk> of Health that they needed more resources for autistic children and their families , <unk> and his colleague Judith Gould decided to do something that we should have done 30 years before .
They launched a study of prevalence in autism in the general population .
We had a suburb of London called <unk> to try and find autistic children in the community .
What they saw was clear that the <unk> model was too limited , because the reality of autism was much more colorful and diverse .
Some kids could n't speak at all , while others were <unk> in their fascination with astrophysics , in the dinosaurs or the genealogy of <unk> .
In another way , these kids did n't fit in beautiful paintings and <unk> , as Judith , and saw a lot of them , much more than the monolithic model of <unk> would have predicted .
At first , they were lost by trying to make sense of their data .
How did n't anyone realize these kids before ?
But then I found out a reference to an article published in German in 1944 , the year after the <unk> article , and he then forgot , buried under the cinders of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember .
I knew about this article of competition , but I avoided mentioning mentioning in his own work .
There was n't even one translation to English , but luckily , the <unk> husband was talking German , and he translated it for her .
And the document offers an alternative history of autism .
His author was a man named Hans Asperger , who was leading a clinic integrated with a boarding school in Vienna .
The ideas of Asperger 's idea of children with learning differences were <unk> even for contemporary standards .
The morning in her clinic started with music classes , and kids were following their games on Sunday afternoon .
Instead of blaming the parents of causing autism , Asperger described it as a lifelong disability for life that required compassionate forms and tuned spaces over the course of all life .
Instead of treating the kids in their clinic as patients , he called them their little teachers , and he started helping in the development of education that were particularly proper for them .
And fundamentally , Asperger 's saw autism as a continuum of diverse that replacing an amazing array of gifts and disability .
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common , and they 've always been , looking at the aspects of this continuum in archetypes known as the awkward social scientist and the <unk> professor .
He went beyond even to say , that for success in science and art , an ounce of autism is essential .
<unk> and Judith discovered that <unk> was wrong in which autism was <unk> , as well as the parents were <unk> .
Over the next few years , they worked silent with the American Association of psychiatry to expand the criteria of diagnostics that reflect the diversity of what they called the autistic spectrum .
By the end of the 80s , their changes in the 1990s , their changes in place , by <unk> the limited model of <unk> by a broad , inclusive .
These changes did n't go into broken bag .
I happen to know when he was <unk> and Judith 's worked with the back to reform these criteria , people around the world see an autistic adult for the first time .
Before he went out `` Rain Man '' in 1988 , just a small circle , <unk> by experts knew what autism was , but after the unforgettable acting of <unk> Hoffman as Raymond <unk> and the `` Rain Man '' and `` Rain Man '' with four awards on the Academy , pediatricians , psychologists , teachers and fathers knew what autism was .
At the same time , the first easy clinical trials were introduced to use to diagnose autism .
Never have to have a connection to that little circle of experts to make a diagnosis for his son .
The combination of `` Rain Man '' and the introduction of these tests created a network effect , a perfect storm for the consciousness of autism .
The number of diagnostics began to rise up , just like they predicted raped and Judith , in fact expected that this was so that the people with autism and their families finally got their support and services that were deserved .
So Andrew <unk> came to blaming vaccines for the rise of diagnostics , which is a simple , powerful , seductive story , credible history as bad as the <unk> theory that autism was <unk> .
If the current estimate at the prevention of prevention that one in 68 children in America are on the spectrum , they 're right , <unk> are one of the largest minority groups in the world .
In the last few years , autistic people have joined the Internet to reject the idea that the puzzles are for solving for new medical advances , <unk> the term `` <unk> '' to celebrate the varieties of human cognition .
So one way to understand the <unk> is to think about terms of human operating systems .
The fact that a PC does n't make Windows , it does n't mean that it 's broken .
According to autistic standards , the normal human brain is easily <unk> , glamour , and it suffers from a <unk> deficit .
Certainly , autistic people have difficulty living in a world not built for them .
70 years later , we 're still getting Asperger , who believed that the `` cure '' for the most <unk> aspects of autism are found in understanding the teachers , employers with capacity , support communities , and parents with faith in the potential of their children .
An autistic woman called <unk> <unk> once said , `` We need all the hands on deck for <unk> the ship of humanity . ''
As we browse to an uncertain future , we need all the forms of human intelligence on the planet to address the challenges we face as a society .
We ca n't afford to afford a brain or a brain .
Thank you .
